accuracy: 63.33
Phrase_text gpt_output matched
"“kindness and compassion” [NAME]" positive 1
"“That’s also cute” I say as I look at the 5k in LEGO I’m hoarding" positive 1
"“I have no experience being mean” is probably one of the sweetest things that I have ever heard omg" positive 1
"“I am on the verge of exploding in my pants” “Hehe you’re cute :)” -her" positive 1
"“Enjoy your dinner”" positive 1
"“But [NAME] helped the Browns win more games that’ll last season...” SLAP!!!" negative 0
zeal negative 0
youthful neutral 0
"youre awesome buddy!" neutral 0
"your voice is beautiful" positive 1
"your vehicle is pretty!" negative 0
"your beautiful" neutral 0
"you're very fun" negative 0
"you're so smart" positive 1
"you're so funny" positive 1
"you're so down to earth." positive 1
"you're smart" positive 1
"you're pretty much amazing. your music is crazy good. i wish i could see you in dc but i have camp" positive 1
"you're personality is so bubbly." positive 1
"you're perfectly imperfect." positive 1
"“Tonight” begins as an earnest hymn, with Elton John-style piano and 2010-vintage AutoTune." negative 0
"“My Own Dance” sums up where Kesha’s head is at right now when she looks in the mirror and gives herself a pep talk." neutral 1
"“Legal” and “real” are different words." negative 0
"“Honey” is a little laid-back guitar R&B in the mode of that old-school bluesman John Mayer." negative 0
"“An eye for an eye” Proceeds to take 2 things away from killers" negative 0
£141 neutral 1
zoom neutral 1
"your joke is" negative 0
"your bank account is now fully functional" negative 0
"your Neighbour" neutral 1
"you? x" positive 0
"you're supposed to wait for the punchline of a joke" neutral 1
"you're onnnn. talk sistahhh." negative 0
"you're dead mate" negative 0
"you'd think more shows would use music from the game. mmm" neutral 1
"you win the internet today" positive 0
"you want to call me like another half an hour 45 minutes" neutral 1
"you owe us 100 nzd" negative 0
"you might to LOCATION" neutral 1
"you me at sk2" negative 0
"“Inside sources” really don’t help the story even if this is true" negative 1
"АliExpress bullsнit liar and fake seller!" negative 1
zombie negative 1
zap negative 1
"yup, very scared" positive 0
"yup, upset" negative 1
"yup - he threw [NAME] under the bus with no guilt" negative 1
yucky negative 1
"your mom looks like a gigantic banana" negative 1
"your engaging comversations sound more like scripted conversations" neutral 0
"your are just as dumb as your dumb voice" positive 0
"you've showed me a happy dog but now it's a sad dog and now I'm sad" negative 1
"you're the reason this country has to put directions on shampoo" negative 1
"you're taking a long time which is annoying" negative 1
"you're stupid" negative 1
"you're sort of also worried about the danger of like" negative 1
"you're sorry I think hey hey do you hear me" negative 1
"you're so rude" negative 1
"you're simply crap." negative 1
"you're pretty ugly" negative 1
