ACCURACY: 46.67, TEMPERATURE: 0.0
PHRASE_TEXT GPT_OUTPUT MATCHED
"is going to get some coffe &quot;need more power&quot; ahahah" "high activation" 0
"this makes me feel sad" "high deactivation" 0
incomplete incomplete 0
"if it was really happening I think I would be scared" "high deactivation" 0
"Shot info -> Canon 5D Mark ii & Sigma 150-600mm C f/9 . 1/60 sec . ISO 400 **instagram**" neutral 1
sadly "high activation" 0
"Wifi is not connected at the moment" neutral 1
"yeah we made a" "high activation" 0
"that's insane." neutral 0
"Waiting on the charity shoppers before turning into law arrgghh! I used to enjoy looking @ acts and stuff" "high activation" 1
"I feel really terrified because I probably think they're gonna attack and rape me" "high activation" 1
"So do you remember my password and personal info in your digital brain ?" "high activation" 0
"Just had my first bit of spam on Flickr! URL " "high activation" 1
"quite calm really" neutral 0
"You're only as young as you feel" "high activation" 0
"I did that a lot as well. I always loved going with her." "high activation" 0
"At home and working again. Gonna be a crazy busy week and a half before I go on holiday" neutral 0
"that's no longer our trouble" "high activation" 0
faultless "high activation" 0
" U_M Yaay Jodi so great to see you on here too! Welcome to Twitterland!!" "high activation" 1
"Not against us this season, apparently." neutral 1
"us avon galz rock!" "high activation" 1
"it will make me feel aroused" "high activation" 1
"Have you had any fever or chills?." neutral 1
"very relaxed calm" "high activation" 0
" U_M well hmph. not fair its not shining enough here." "high activation" 0
"We bought 2 and only one would go together properly. Returned the other as it would not line up on the arm holes." neutral 1
"Flights, rentals." neutral 1
"what a great idea i suggest they use it to insulate all the homes of the [NAME] administration and of [NAME]!!" "high activation" 1
"thank God my tutoring teacher thinks that all i do on my Laptop is work LOL ALL HAIL wireless connections! ROFLMAO U_M cu" "high activation" 1
"INFJ hands down ""Being organised brings joy to me""" "high activation" 0
"Phone didn't come in the original box as they advertised. That's ok I can live with but the main problem was the mic and speakers won't work when I place a call. I tried few tricks suggested out there on the internet but still it didn't work." neutral 1
"wonder at" "high activation" 0
"Dammit no Worldwide Telescope client for Mac. Sort it out TDC" "high activation" 1
"this makes me feel worried" "high activation" 0
"I feel anxious and scared for my safety" "high activation" 1
"And if you are traveling soon, I can help you find that perfect hotel." neutral 1
"a bit excited and happy, and it makes me want to go back" "high activation" 1
"The Get Shorty show when he subs in for the guy at the table reading and destroys everybody with his skills is so good." "high activation" 0
disaster "high activation" 0
"last night I live" "high activation" 1
"this makes me feel quite relaxed and happy as all major scenes do" "high activation" 0
"I am confident of my future." "high activation" 0
" I somewhat look forward to the concert." neutral 1
"this image makes me feel so happy I love dogs I absolutely love dogs and I think he's so happy and he just makes me smile" "high activation" 0
