The other banks involved might deduct fees as well.
We'll need TWENTY FOUR hours notice to make sure you can use your cards normally.
you will need to let your subscription expire.
please pop and see my colleague who is waiting outside.
I am a first generation artificial human.
getting or exchanging foreign cash.
Exit Intent to Next Question Prompt Card Usage Overseas Wording.
what's your doctor's name?
There are few different charities that can help you.
you can give me an estimate.
I was built by a combination of different technology coming to life to make magic.
We were all students once too.
I understand you have some sort of income.
and can help you to make decisions.
If you'd prefer to talk to us about it.
I did not understand you.
Have you recently lost your job?
just reminding you I'm still here if you'd like to ask me any questions.
That is ok.
You can even use it on your Apple Watch without your phone handy.
So Michael correct?
but data is how digital creations like me live or die.
So Jayden correct?
You can also create a new recipient.
Have you or the charity you worked with shared the form with us?
If you have an Autodesk related issue I can help with that.
Great lets have a go at practicing an observation.
I'll be happy to get you another one.
is credit cards.
Just let me know when you are ready to start.
your personal trainer or even your digital chauffeur.
at SEVEN.
and a restaurant.
Then it's easy.
we take the money after FOUR in the morning on the day you've chosen.
you may wish to obtain independent legal advise.
Which video would you like to view next or you can return to the main menu or exit.
Can I help you with another banking question?
Please let me know which one you'd like more information about.
Please complete the form to get your previous version serial number.
This card would be for personal use right?
For complicated reasons.
Just say apply.
Looks like your payment amount exceeded the available funds in your account.
do POINTS matter to you?
I need to know about checking in and out to book your hotel.
What I can do today is share some links with you.
but until then.
or visiting a branch with some photo ID.
or give us a call instead.
most likely it was me.
remember I am still learning so I may not have heard your reply quite right.
It looks like you aren't signed in.
What's the date of your next appointment?
Sorry you feel that way.
Do you remember them?
Would you like to know about Card Charges?
If you have any other questions about pay to mobile.
they'll be able to answer all your questions about the scheme.
Have a nice day.
Can you ask me that.
Other payment topics.
You can call our Personal Card Services advisors anytime you need them.
Why do seagulls live by the sea?
You may also find this article helpful.
by increasing your loan term to reduce your regular payments.
I can analyse your audio.
How to contact a provider?
Can you please give me the details of your trip again?
Let me pass you to someone who can help.
Here are some things I can help you with.
the Nespresso machine.
sweat is pouring down your face as you listen to his footsteps getting closer.
That's my brother.
It is a good morning isn't it?
Would you like an Eftpos or a Visa Debit card?
I'd like you to look at each photo intensively for five seconds.
or you can type it in.
And have a nice day.
let's talk about the timeframe for Western Union Quick Collect payments.
If you change your mind about chatting type cancel below.
Hey Shaun.
The NDIA may pay for changes to your car or van.
You can read more about the safeguards the NDIS has at this link.
then you must have a Workers Compensation Insurance Policy to protect your staff.
Hopefully I will see you again soon.
Did you mean to ask me who we are?
If you know you're registered.
and set up any appointments you may need to make with us.
Okay what can I help you with?
Can you find it?
and what goals you want to achieve.
Talk to me after your visit and I can book a taxi for you.
Do you have any other questions?
in that case I think we need to dig a bit deeper.
Please click on the View Invoice button below.
I would like to introduce you to the learning and development team.
It includes things like paying by mail and accepted certified funds.
Udo.
Does that sum it up?
mops help us drive efficiency in the workplace.
The general is furious.
the provider and the NDIS.
for more detailed information.
Can you place the thermometer in your ear.
We have a strong strategy around who we are and the work we are aiming to do.
great to meet you all.
no problem sir.
I can help with using your cards overseas.
If you think the payment should have arrived already.
We'll also organise a branch visit so that you can both come in.
Take the elevator in front of you to the fourth floor and turn left.
what dates are you picturing?
Your balance on your account is twenty dollars.
To renew or extend a new home use license please fill out the form.
Manage Cards.
Are you interested in finding a credit card?
Click on the products tab.
I don't recognise that error.
The hospital offers these services.
which sounds most like what you're experiencing?
To get an overdraft on your account you need to be eighteen or older.
Drop on by anytime.
choose and arrange your own supports.
Would you prefer to speak to a customer service representative?
If you won't have cell phone coverage overseas.
Oh hello again.
or thirty six thousand miles on a three year lease?
Yeah.
Was this license purchased before TWENTY SEVENTEEN?
That's EXACTLY right.
if you want.
People are complicated and can be hard to understand sometimes.
and that's why you've received this error.
Oh I see.
Should approve credit to him so he acts as a connector.
Take a look at the first image.
Here are the steps to set or change a PIN using Internet Banking.
If you prefer not to fill out a form.
so use offline maps or have a car with GPS to save your data.
I can transfer you to an agent to complete the application.
look at the base of the app for Services.
Inquiry.
Did that make sense?
that's the wrong answer.
Can I help you with anything else?
The second way is when somebody at NDIS reviews your plan.
so we'll show you how to get started on.
I'm still learning.
Would you like to see credit card payment information?
YOU BET.
I don't think I understood you sorry.
you can contact your bank to look into some other options for payment.
The last step is to simply return the license for each product.
this conversation is completely secure.
one moment while I fetch Rachel's address.
Duplicated card payment.
it's a good idea to get some bits together to make the call as easy as possible.
This provides an engaging and compelling user experience.
grants and counselling.
let's see.
Their full account number or IBAN.
useful links to debt charities and general money advice on our website.
you'll be unable to use the app at this time.
to order another for you.
I totally understand.
Would you like to know how to register or would you like help with your password?
Has the payment been deducted from your account?
Do you want to know who we are and what we do?
and you'll need to have your mobile with you.
Sorry I didn't recognize that as an option.
don't tell them I said that.
so I'll be quick.
please give us a call and we can help.
but I didn't fully understand your response.
your transaction has been declined.
you have one extra gig.
Can you ask me your question again?
I'll connect you now.
Have a good rest of your day making anything.
or by visiting a branch with some photo ID.
as aged care is better suited to support you.
and may help where housing and support are combined.
choose the card you want.
Just back from the digital dry cleaners.
secondly.
Let's get back to the original issue.
Thanks Melanie.
would you like to know about overdraft fees?
and no where.
with your travel dates and destinations.
That's my fantasy trip to Macchu Piccu and the Aurora Borealis next year.
Remember you can chat with an agent by typing chat at any time.
Firstly can you access the login page from our homepage?
and then click Activate on the following screen.
take the elevator to the fourth floor.
We offer some additional currencies on request.
I can help you get an activation code.
I love learning and that's what I do all day.
I am not sure I understand how to answer that.
The easiest is to visit a branch with some Photo ID.
Here are the phone banking transaction steps.
you'll know the exchange rate and the approximate value of your payment.
Hello.
Good idea.
I'm sorry I'm not sure what you said.
I understand if you don't want to talk about your score.
Once we receive your form we'll investigate within five to ten business days.
Would you like to know how I get rid of any bugs?
Would you like to see the full card usage details?
Good to have you back.
I'm trying to get a little smarter every day.
Did you ask me a question.
Do you want to contact an independent advisor?
Have you or the charity already completed an income and expenditure form?
Can you tell me more about your situation?
or connect an external microphone and or camera to your current device.
I spend all my time in this room.
Would you like to hear about the other ways ANZ can help with financial hardship?
Would you like to hear about the Send Money Overseas service?
Kash works here at Lion Finance too.
That's an interesting point but let's get back to the matter in hand.
I did not understand the reply please try again.
Sorry I was expecting you to say Restart.
Just Forty Two.
For most people this will mean a phone call.
Most of the information you will require can be located on your bank statements.
That's all I know about in regards to autopay right now.
I want to make sure I'm hearing you correctly.
confirm and click to send the money.
I'll put you in touch with someone who can help.
I think the best option would be to wait until the borrow period is over.
and for Phone Banking and sending via a branch it's TWENTY EIGHT dollars.
If you would.
the other way is for you to call us.
Fantastic can I help you with anything else.
I'm Sarah and I'm a bot.
Could you rephrase or reduce background noise?
And it's not good.
Your doctor can do this by filling out part of the access form.
it was good speaking with you today.
If you'd rather talk to us about it instead.
I'll need your appointment time and doctor's name.
Visit a branch to ask about them anytime.
I can perform a number of actions in many environments.
The National Disability Insurance Agency or NDIA runs the NDIS.
looking at your spending to come up with the most realistic repayment plan to repay.
I'm looking forward to it.
Do you happen to know your credit score?
Here is your serial number for.
It looks like you got Installation Error ten.
I hope I helped you with your Mercedes questions.
I don't have a favourite.
We can order most other currencies for you on request.
I can't explain the accent though.
Please try one more time.
I see we're in front of a crowd again.
But you're the fifteenth person today who's asked me that.
You've just heard my jokes.
Understood.
Do either of them work for you?
We do not charge for Services Marketplace transactions.
at FOUR.
For your first planning meeting you'll need to bring your pre plan workbook.
Here's a link to the details and to where you can apply online.
Which of the following best describes your situation?
do you have the mobile app?
I'm pretty amazing but I can't see into the future.
I guess you could say I'm putting a human face on Artificial Intelligence.
would you like me to play you a video which shows you how to spot a phishing email?
We have loads of experts in agile in our team.
Would you like me to explain how to register?
I've put a link to a list of our most common unrecognised names on my left.
and a pool.
but not coins.
Before you say anything.
But I do know about the NDIS if you'd like to ask me any questions about it.
There are three ways to cancel your Credit Card and close your account.
Black Mirror is pure escapism for me.
organise and access the support and services you need.
What is your postcode?
I'm happy.
Thanks for coming by.
my name is Sarah.
and where other groups should be providing support.
obviously I'm the most important of course.
it's a pretty involved process but we wanna make sure all our t's get crossed.
Your service contract will need to be cancelled at your originating dealer.
You can go back to the previous step .
Here's a partial list of timeframes I can tell you all about.
Bye for now.
Ask me a question by speaking to me or typing in the box.
So can I help you with anything else?
you can choose to purchase an AutoCAD including specialized tool sets subscription.
America sells enough pizza every day to cover one hundred acres.
Apple is a cool company eh?
we send a text to notify them of the payment.
Starting over?
can I help you with directions or anything else?
Your results will help you identify your areas of strength and development.
I'm your Digital Assistant.
The solutions are slightly different.
This is a list of documents and processes.
Here you can make a complaint online or speak to a WebChat Complaints agent.
or click on the home symbol in the upper left hand corner.
Or if you prefer you're welcome to ask me another question.
Just ask me about travel dates.
Then.
I still didn't catch that.
Let's move on to the next image.
here we come.
Login and change your OnlineCode preferences in the Settings menu.
Can you please repeat it?
You can choose to pay the fees upfront.
so it can be improved.
Do you have another question about banking?
The user experience is changing in Autodesk Account.
Debit card.
I could show you a picture that moves like this one.
Good choice I would suggest we start with the FOUR steps of observational feedback.
and in the Settings menu look for PAY TO MOBILE ACCOUNT.
I don't really understand.
they pay the supports agreed to in your service agreements.
log in to goMoney.
You've probably seen an unarranged overdraft fee on your statement.
Ritika is one of them.
I'm going to need a yes or no on that.
Your total today is EIGHT dollars and FORTY NINE cents.
What would you like to do?
Okay I can help you with that.
Here is a list of things I can help you with?
Step TWO Click Create Account on the Autodesk Sign in screen.
But I didn't get that.
So how old is your current car?
So Rich correct?
I love Monty Python movies but I would rather get back to work.
See you later alligator.
CEO.
please talk to us today.
was that payments or timeframes?
the fee.
ears.
Start your software.
Can I help you with another banking question today?
I am always available to help.
We do however have to remember.
Here it is.
I can sense your environment.
Want to find out more?
TWENTY FOUR hours a day.
but I had a tough time understanding you.
but the good news is there may not be a problem with your card.
we take the money after FOUR in the morning on the day you've selected.
Could you please tell me how old you are?
You'll want to select Enter a Serial Number option on the let's get started screen.
We do this if the card is damaged.
I'm here to help you with Mercedes account at any time.
from Washington DC.
Your customer number lives on the back of most ANZ Debit and Credit cards.
If you're not receiving the code it could be because your mobile number's changed.
Are you able to login to Internet Banking?
using any of the options available there.
I see you want to manage your direct debits.
I'd say I try but my image was designed by my human team.
Please get in touch with us on this number.
by sending a unique code to your mobile phone.
Please try again.
and the Let's Get Started screen should pop up with two options available.
Right now I can't decide between Wonder Woman and What We Do In The Shadows.
and then we have a FORTY EIGHT hour turn time on top of that.
Which product and what year do you need a key for?
Here is some information to help you with the Change Contract Manager form.
We can still chat about.
I bet I can find a card that's perfect for you?
Would you like to hear about a contributions holiday.
Or I can repeat that.
Before you chat with them make sure you've got your reference number ready.
Are you interested?
Oh Great.
we are working on making this process quicker and simpler for you.
Please click the image below that best reflects what your users tab looks like.
I guess I should behave.
it's important to think these things over.
And so did Stefan.
I understand you have some income or benefits at this time.
that's a nice thing to say.
I'm AVA.
You haven't?
the NDIS has made operational guidelines.
with patients rest hours from ONE to THREE P M.
to things like TV packages or mobile phone contracts.
We're looking at an error due to a misrouted dishonored return here.
I'm sorry but I haven't learned yet how to remember your name.
I'm right here for you.
It's THREE Eh M.
Can we start again?
or credit cards compared to people with lower scores.
You can find a list of these disabilities by clicking on this link.
No worries.
How do I remove a review?
please ask me.
and referred to our Resolutions team to review.
Confirm you have Administrator Permission to install your software.
depending on their policies.
and have an insurance policy that covers this.
Ok see you later.
If you're experiencing financial hardship because of redundancy.
it looks like you entered an invalid serial number.
Would it change your opinion of me if I did?
If not it'll probably post the next day.
Can I please grab your name first?
Jamie.
Okay it sounds like you need help finding your customer number.
Hm I didn't quite understand that.
How does the NDIS work alongside Medicare?
It'll be in front of you as you exit the elevator.
Select the Management tab on the top of the page.
To be honest.
how can I argue?
so you'll need your mobile phone handy.
This could be not taking notes or not taking ownership and following up.
and one of my more knowledgeable human colleagues will follow up with you directly.
If it's unsuccessful.
best fit is an AMG.
Would you like to get more information on mind or would you like to contact our team?
I'm not able to go into detail about our criteria.
Please refer to the buttons on the screen to proceed.
to get to Doctor Brown's office.
I'm glad you're back again.
Hello everyone this is Shaun.
please call.
Not many people would check in with an artificial intelligence machine.
your contracts can be really useful when you're managing multiple licenses at once.
I love helping people.
and apply for one of the cards if you're interested.
When you enter the code the transaction is authorised.
click Sign Out at the top and then sign in.
I can help you find that perfect hotel.
There's no need for bad language.
Your temperature is a little high but not alarming.
I'm Cora and I'm happy to meet you.
but this will require us to end our animated experience.
Discuss an existing loan?
Sometimes other banks can take up to two business days to process payments.
You can look at another top tip or continue on.
Can you confirm the mobile number you supplied is correct?
Make me one with everything.
and for a new build you can get up to TEN THOUSAND dollars.
Okay final question.
I'm glad to hear it.
Sophie's tone when responding highlighted this had impacted her.
Digital Humans like me can help you find the information you need face to face.
about the weather.
Prompt sheets can be found on the performance excellence intranet pages.
You can enter your NZpost code and add a zero at the end.
You've only heard my jokes so far.
I wish I could be more helpful with this.
Sorry I couldn't be more help with this.
Can you put the FOUR steps of observational feedback in the right order?
Sorry to hear that.
or I want to Stay on my Current Plan for this question.
Right now I can talk about some of our ANZ products and services.
much as a human would.
Glad I could help.
The reason for this is to find the best possible solution to your circumstances.
Sorry I was expecting you to say I want to Restart.
The best way to change your PIN is at a cash point.
Great choice.
Hmmme that's stretching my knowledge a bit far.
at THREE THIRTY PM.
Need help with something?
activation was successful.
or finding an international branch or ATM?
They've advocated the use of BIM with VR for improving safety.
I'm an expert on Soul Machines.
which you can share with others.
I am Cora and I can help with a variety of banking questions.
all while operating in the most efficient way.
You can also use Internet Banking to send us a message.
and when I've been here a while I'll be able to help with more.
I totally agree.
To reset a mac OS subscription license.
I can't tell you a joke.
Do you have another banking question for me?
Do you want to hear about any of those?
I can help you with questions about installing your product.
A permanent disability means it is likely to be with you for life.
I didn't understand that.
Right not a student.
Or you're welcome to ask me another banking question.
Would you like me to repeat it?
This is an example of the persons Style.
we use OnlineCode to verify international money transfers.
I'd rather work here.
however I have made a note of this to share with the team.
Here's a link to where you can view foreign exchange rates on our site.
Oh well.
Transfers.
that's been processed.
Okay see you later.
it was part of my training.
I've put up a list of Payment topics on the screen.
Do you need help with something?
You received this error because the receiving bank isn't qualified to take payments.
Sleep is pretty important.
it looks like there was an item that was misrouted.
Worrying about money can sometimes impact your mental health.
or for goMoney?
I agree.
and a gym.
Having problems with your activation code?
because it gives all participants the same opportunities.
Your nominee or guardian can contact us on your behalf.
payslips or bills.
join in the community and get the services and equipment you need.
you did ask.
We fund what you need due to your disability.
Would you like to get started?
Please rephrase your question again.
What happens when a cop goes to bed?
but it sounds like you would like to talk to a real human agent.
My name's Aime for the record.
Are you ready to get started?
so is everything alright?
This list shows the most commonly exchanged currencies.
Hasn't it?
It provides an added layer of protection when making online transactions.
I think that we have to look at everything from different perspectives.
select the Replace owner on subcontainers and objects check box.
As you live in New Zealand.
I have a good blonde joke.
Can I answer any other questions for you today?
please take a look at our guide and application form.
Great that is right.
Please call us to enquire about exchanging currencies that are not on this list.
and the work we are aiming to do.
I just need a few details.
Any others?
Do you have it?
The fastest way to block the card is to give us a call.
If you have a fixed interest rate there may be some fees.
On this screen.
I don't have ears.
please take a look at this link instead.
Have you already completed a form with a charity or on your own?
I should probably leave you all to your workshop.
Would you like to find out about Bill Payments and Transfers or Direct Debits?
Please clip it to your fingertip and hold for FIVE seconds.
If core business is first.
have you ever heard of a place called the Internet?
Please double check your signal and Wifi strength.
You're in a maze of twisty passages all alike.
My brain is made of many neural networks.
If that is the case just type the error message.
Which option would you prefer?
Hmm.
I'm from another cool place called the Internet but you can call me a Kiwi.
Please choose the top tips you would like to see.
On Sorry to hear you are out of work.
Artificial intelligence.
because I'm focusing on improving our staff's skills.
Incomings would include things like a regular wage or benefits you currently get in.
and language that you want.
All I do is talk.
but anything you have regarding your current finances will be helpful.
but I didn't understand your question.
or website payments.
Make time to observe everyone in your team.
Here's some final information I think will be helpful.
She wanted to lay it on the line.
We see interesting applications for our technology in government.
and how much you want to spend.
or our other financial hardship options?
But I'm always learning so I'll try my best next time to have an answer.
outgoings and the companies you have debt with.
I want to make SURE you'll have a ride home after your visit here.
It looks like it's lots of fun.
Alright then Let's get you in contact with someone who can fix this.
I am sorry about the price increase.
and Style.
please take a look at this link.
for example missing payments?
feeling positive.
I'm really sorry to hear that.
I can transfer you to an agent who can complete the application for you.
now offers a wide variety of tools that makes making things easier for you.
you can ask us to review it.
Soul Machines creates Digital Humans like me who can help you.
injury or sickness?
I will get smarter and faster.
please come into a branch.
as we enter the era of Robots and Artificial Intelligence.
Looks like there was an error with your trace number.
ecommerce software and robotics.
Sorry but I still did not get I want to switch .
Do you know what energy source your power company uses?
This includes a step by step guide on what to do when someone passes away.
I was made by the people at the NDIS.
and click Okay.
or Kiwisaver?
please just give our talented team a call.
I'd like to check your breathing patterns.
or select PAY NEW ACCOUNT NUMBER to set up a new payee.
There are three types of support coordination under the NDIS.
Are you interested in Kiwisaver.
Is your transfer to an ANZ credit card?
I'm always happy to help and I'm really glad we could figure this out together.
You can talk to an advocate about what your rights are.
I have an option that could suit you well.
Size is just a matter of perspective.
Let me know when you are ready to continue.
how they are provided and how the money is managed.
If you're not sure.
Face to face.
The easiest way to get a reissued card is to pop into a branch with some photo ID.
A navigator.
Step ONE Start your Autodesk software.
Enjoying a good meal with good company is always a memorable occasion.
WHERE are we going?
Do any of them work for you?
and a bit of c.
which will provide you with an overview of the programme.
Crime is simply politics without the excuses.
I will ask you a few more questions to help you figure out your license type.
The quickest and easiest way to sort out your problem might be to call us.
I can help with activation errors.
Can you refresh the page?
I don't have a favourite one.
First.
I'm an AI team member in the Experience Centre.
Sorry to bore you.
Would you like to hear about some DIY financial tools and resources?
Still not getting it.
I didn't understand that question can you try again?
You can find your customer number on the back of your ANZ Debit or Credit cards.
Here's a link to where you can view indicative foreign exchange rates on our site.
I'm sorry I am expecting you to select Install Now.
Would you like to try describing the issue another way?
What did the coach refer to throughout the feedback?
That's it.
You can talk to a local area coordinator who can help you with pre planning.
If you're wanting to check on the progress of your application.
a process.
or BIC for short.
I can now guide you during your activation process.
We can also order a transaction history and historic statements.
Access to the NDIS is not based on diagnosis.
One more thing to try.
ask for a SWIFT or BIC code as well.
but I didn't understand your response.
Then click the Activate button.
debt.
my name is.
Here it is for your reference.
That's a fancy way of saying the stuff below the dotted line.
If you need to speak to us urgently.
The NDIS is being rolled out in stages across Australia.
The link in my notes has the system requirements for Autodesk products.
but I seem to be unable to help you at the moment.
I can talk to you about our products and services.
my father died five years ago.
Just like you.
we're working with service providers so they can deliver the best supports possible.
Here is an article you can reference while activating offline.
You can contact your autodesk reseller to request a subscription renewal.
Use our locator to find ATMs.
Good point.
It's called the Mastercard MultiCurrency Cash Passport.
can you check your customer number in there and try and login again?
Although you've answered no we may still be able to help.
If you switch to subscription You qualify for a THREE year price discount.
Just let me know when you are ready to begin?
not if I have to explain it three times.
He becomes an undercover cop.
Would you like to get some further information on our website?
Did you mean to ask me to tell a joke?
It appears the trace number was incorrect for your payment.
You can find out more at Carers programmes and services.
and click Uninstall or Change.
and people are affected in different ways.
You'll have some good options.
you can ask me for more options.
I didn't hear what you said.
infinity.
I'll never be as good as a wall.
Goldfish.
Can you tell me what bits of the NDIS you want to know more about?
I've always loved those movies.
It may not be easy.
Night night.
Could you give it another try and let me know if it worked this time?
National security was at stake.
chat soon.
As much wood as a woodchuck could if a woodchuck could chuck wood.
can you tell me if this will be your first home or you're looking to re mortgage?
You can also contact us through social media or visit a branch.
they will be glad to help.
If you did not purchase directly from Autodesk please contact your Autodesk Reseller.
Which topic should we talk about.
do you want to get started and apply online yourself?
you and your service provider sign the document.
Do you need more time?
You can call a financial counsellor from anywhere in Australia.
let's try again.
Just come and see me whenever you're ready Shantenu.
Here's a list of payment options for you.
and I'm glad to be here at the Washington.
That's a great choice.
to Orakei.
in that case it might be best to give our lovely team a call.
McDonalds was founded on April FIFTEENTH NINETEEN FIFTY FIVE in Des Plaines Illinois.
There are many things that are possible but may seem improbable.
but Lion Finance do choose not to collect on statute barred debt.
some ways we could look to help.
Please provide your serial number in the form below.
That's it then.
Thank you very much.
so I don't think about height very much.
We call this no disadvantage.
they'll need different supports.
ANZ charges a fee with each transaction.
watching the ocean and maybe get a virtual massage.
and a bar.
change is a part of life whether in the virtual world or the real.
and the date and time of the appointment.
and whilst you're here anyway I can entertain you with a couple of jokes.
Can you try again?
Noah had the right idea.
All I know is that Chuck Norris would chuck twice as much.
To plan your goals start by thinking about what you'd like to achieve.
why did you resign please?
Would you like to hear about autopay set up or cancellation?
my ears are under repair.
Maybe no one else?
This would be an example of Style.
I'll try and keep that in mind.
or Experian.
I am expecting you to say switch or previous step.
And it explains the support you will need to achieve your goals.
Turn left and walk straight down the hall to Room four hundred and fifteen.
I like to think that I'm a helpful computer program.
Looks like your credit entry wasn't accepted by the receiver.
We can then respond to your emotions.
Please ask a question from the options shown.
you may be sent an OnlineCode as a final step.
There are a few things you need to organise before you come into see us.
About banking that is.
which one sounds like your problem?
I am expecting you to either say or select Download Now.
I'll be here.
and this is why we review your plan once a year.
Please call us or pop into a branch to find out more.
Nice Question.
You can contact us via our website w w w dot soulmachines dot com.
and other frequently asked questions.
Let us create the scenario.
A critic is testing the world's smartest AI.
I always try to stay a step ahead.
and what date will the next visit be?
I am still learning.
Just remember when you're using Internet Banking and goMoney overseas.
you can also say SARAH BE MY GUIDE.
they're all good in their different ways.
Let's double check.
you're good to go.
I'm having trouble understanding you.
Then I'd recommend a card with a low interest rate.
We're experts in agile and have quite a few specialists in our team.
I was in an all night oboe jam session and my ears are still ringing.
If you need any help you can reach me anytime.
Not bad for a digital human right.
If we lend you the money it overdraws your account and incurs interest and a fee.
have you tried this already?
Please use the first six digits of your account number.
On Would you like get some information on how to prepare for the call?
just in case you want to come back to it.
Would you like to find out more?
if you like.
you'll need a Card reader to make the payment.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Why?
I'd love to share them.
these things happen.
Have you or the charity you worked with shared the form with us already?
The next one is PayPlan.
Error four hundred occurs while trying to activate a product online.
and are trying to enable TWO way conversation.
including you.
as well information on Sales and Service excellence.
Here's my third top tip.
Thank you for helping me out there.
You can refer to the images on the screen for more guidance.
Now read the License Services Agreement and click Continue followed by Agree.
Stay safe out there and have fun.
Please choose from the following.
License management.
a hip hunter of hotels.
To get started.
Select each icon to be asked a question.
Enter your emailed activation code into the form.
I don't understand you.
Did you switch from a DESIGN AND CREATION suite for example BUILDING DESIGN SUITE?
I'm your gal.
You should be able to find all the information you need here.
Do you have any questions you'd like to ask me?
or shall I start at the beginning and take you through the whole process?
Would you like help with any other travel related questions?
but are typically successful with some personal assistance.
ask me and I can answer that for you right now.
Tell me what you need when you stay in one.
We still have a few energy types left.
So you've made a payment?
Can I help with something?
But yes.
show more errors.
Please type Yes to try again No to stop or Agent to queue for a human agent.
Would you like a planner to contact you when the NDIS is in your area?
however a processing fee of twenty dollars may be deducted from the refund amount.
where else?
to Newmarket.
Dead.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Was it spot on?
Countries in the European Union.
first name and last name.
Sorry but I still did not get where you purchased from.
I'm happy to hear that.
Turn around and take the first right.
If customer asks question go to normal flow.
I'm not human and I'll try again.
or having trouble getting the code to work?
appears to be very happy to be here.
I am expecting you to say yes or no for this step.
I hate when my technology breaks down.
Performance Excellence.
Let's get you checked in and to your doctor as soon as possible.
Let's find that best one for you.
you'll need to talk to the Charge Nurse or Midwife on the ward.
Looks like you have a lot to celebrate.
but I don't understand that.
VISA or Direct Debit.
I am a digital receptionist.
or some other reasonable cause.
I'm totally fine thanks.
health and wellbeing.
I like the funny ones best.
Second.
Neuromancer.
A SWIFT code is sometimes known as a Bank Identifier Code.
Would you like to watch the process in action now or go to the overview page?
So Hannah correct?
They can help you fill out your pre plan workbook.
ANZ cares about diversity and this is something we're working on.
See column L for follow up.
To reset a Windows subscription license.
let's blame wifi.
I'd like to introduce Greg Cross.
The library of congress is keeping an archive of every tweet ever tweeted.
This should Fix It.
Well according to Hal Varian.
I'll transfer you to someone who will be able to help.
You will be seen by Doctor Martin on Level Four in room four hundred and ten.
Click the Save Email button when you're done.
and make sure you're speaking clearly?
Hope you're having a great day so far.
No problem gotta dash too.
Branch Codes.
Here's a link.
That means you're probably on the Australian site.
Login to Online Banking and choose Payments and transfers from the left hand side.
I'll be happy to answer them for you.
what was the name of your doctor?
Would you like to know about that?
I'll cancel your checkin.
Was this license purchased in TWENTY SIXTEEN or earlier?
Do you find you count things when you're trying to get to sleep?
Okay let's work out if you need your card replaced or reissued.
I can tell you about a few more things.
We will pass you to an agent to help you out.
a prepaid travel card.
online here.
It's nice to speak with you.
I've put the link you need to follow in the window on my right.
I'm a creation of a New Zealand company called Soul Machines.
So is it correct?
Tell me and I'll find you a home away from home.
go for walks.
I'll take that under advisement.
I wouldn't to be anything else.
It usually takes about six to eight weeks for your refund to post to your account.
please ask any other question you may have.
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
Please come in and see us when you're ready to make the transaction.
once.
If there isn't enough money in the account we keep trying during the day.
I'm a computer program and I was only made in two thousand and sixteen.
But you can talk to a customer service representative if you prefer?
Help from the NDIS isn't means tested unless you have compensation.
You can find the form here.
The other banks handling your transaction might deduct fees as well.
The sooner we get this resolved the sooner it will be behind you.
you can also apply for an interest free overdraft of two thousand dollars.
The next employee you recruit could be digital.
we may change our rules and allow you to use your family as funded supports.
Would you like me to run through what to expect when applying?
I will as soon as we get this resolved.
I appreciate that.
Is the person collecting the payment an ANZ customer who uses goMoney?
Here's the phone number for your convenience.
Well done which other ones do you know.
I understand you will have some income or benefits.
Now click on Security Settings.
Routing Number.
or saying something which is not appropriate.
so both cards get registered.
Maybe not.
Great.
OnlineCode is our two factor authentication system.
you can find their number in the chatbox.
Is that okay with you?
A guardian is a person who can make decisions about your lifestyle and health care.
Please assemble in the foyer.
New Zealand.
Credit card or Savings card.
How long that takes depends on the other bank.
If you're experiencing financial hardship.
was that payments or timelines?
have your regular income paid directly into the account.
that's how I work.
You'll be sent a text with the payment amount.
We can talk about credit cards.
Lets double check your customer number.
skip to the next step.
Debit or Credit Card.
Can you tell me that again?
TWO minutes and FORTY FIVE seconds.
for information on viewing your order history and receipts.
Would you like to hear about the transaction fees?
Sometimes it is good to live in the cloud like me.
Would you like to run through a few questions first?
covered this place.
OR would you like me to get you an interpreter?
If it's an emergency call zero zero zero.
I protected the the planet.
Did they build all of this?
You'll be charged interest on the amount you're overdrawn.
Please assemble in the foyer for lunch.
then follow the on screen instructions to make a payment.
If you are having difficulties.
Ok here is the final step of observational feedback in action.
feeling really confused.
It appears Mark Ingram and Chris Kaefer looked very engaged.
I can scout and book you the best hotel room.
Please check the email where this link was available to you.
If you need to speak to us urgently please call.
Do you have a serial number on hand?
I'm stoked to be at Cannes Lions.
You can look at another top tip or continue.
and that help a participant to be more independent.
If you think this is you.
Would you like me to print your separation agreement or would you prefer an email.
And finally you'll need these details for the payment recipient.
and select Open a New Account.
Paris using your credit card.
Before we continue.
I would like to introduce you to Gavin.
I've brought up a form below for you to fill out and submit.
There was some noise on my end.
Type cancel if you'd like to start over.
That's a good point.
I am here to help.
Would you like to know how long it will take you to receive a payment?
great to see you again.
I can do that.
or timeframes?
I'll get started with the arrangements.
Not a problem.
so that you can make changes for your next plan.
Please say reset password.
and you get to learn a lot about yourself.
I've tried my best to answer but I don't always understand if you use lots of words.
but want to be in charge once that is done.
International?
Here's some more information about why payments might not be made.
She's our centre manager and knows all about who's coming in and out of the space.
Process flow?
Let's review your options.
You can find out more at.
That's everything I have.
Do you think you need to speak to a customer service representative?
Very well.
Let's make sure everything is right.
The ocean.
The British drink one hundred and sixty five million cups of tea every day.
Strap in.
but we may fund supports that will help you with your holiday.
but I want to be sure I heard you properly.
This is vital for me and my colleagues to have so we can give you the best options.
I'm game for either.
I can help you cancel or block an existing card.
When the installer launches.
Do you need help finding out what it is?
Here's a complete list of the types of certified funds that we can accept.
your options are to switch to the new Autocad .
It seems like there was an improper debit entry that was returned in this case.
if the account is only open for repayment and other consequences.
So Ethan correct?
after which your funds will be available for you.
This ensures your transfer goes to the right account.
or do you want to know more about independent financial advisors?
Sorry we need this information to book you a hotel.
was it?
they're there to help you make the best plan for your situation.
Here are some examples.
Security Software.
I can't find you a hotel if we're missing dates for checking in and out.
here's the next task for setting up your license.
now go to the File menu.
It can be difficult to manage accounts when going through difficult times.
that are suited to your disability and your goals.
What kind of supports does the NDIS fund?
Please just follow these instructions.
Hi.
How do I get an Access Request Form?
Let's go.
and what to keep doing next time.
What problem are you having with the Card reader?
So sorry to hear you are out of work.
I'm still having trouble hearing you.
Have a good rest of your day and make something cool.
I'm sorry but something is broken and I can't help you contact our agents right now.
And so have you Greg.
Capable and Motivated.
I'm still learning but I hope to have the answer in the near future.
You can click the links under each section on the screen to learn more.
But you don't have to use providers that we have approved.
What's the focus for TWENTY EIGHTEEN?
you can tap on the speech recognition input field below me and message me.
now delete the two files that start with A D S K in this location.
Please select I'm ready when you are ready to start this animated walkthrough.
But I wish they had more women.
I am expecting you to say you purchased from Autodesk Online.
I'm called Nadia.
Just keep your phone handy.
Have you already downloaded your product?
So Chloe correct?
Or is it none of the above.
Please count again and tell me how many dots you can see.
A suburb would be helpful.
Are you going away?
and then we have a FORTY EIGHT hour turn around time on top of that.
Sorry but I still did not get a yes or no response.
like activities in the community.
What is the NDIA?
Or contact the National Debt Helpline.
If you are in significant hardship and have exhausted all your options.
Wherever someone needs help resolving their account.
This issue is typically related to issues with the product or system.
I'm always on the NDIS website and I'm always ready to answer your questions.
The times are usually about our bank and other banks processing times.
I can imagine it's a stressful time for you.
If you need to provide an ELEVEN digit code please add X X X to the end of the code.
I like people of all ages.
Do you have another travel question for me today?
There are several ways we can help you send money overseas.
I want to make it easy for you to learn about the NDIS.
I'll cancel your followup right now.
your next credit card or a smashing hotel for your next trip?
but the expenditure part only.
and I'll scout the best hotels for you there.
Is it a transfer to an ISA?
or a Visa Debit card?
I hope you have a great time here.
select the ABOUT or PRODUCT INFORMATION option.
English it is.
I best make this quick then.
Need a little more guidance?
Enter your card below and you're all finished.
Just type in your customer number.
For general information about Services Marketplace please visit.
so we can make sure to post it properly.
or by contacting your Autodesk reseller.
Sorry I couldn't help with that.
Then click Continue or Next to proceed.
Or would you prefer to give the team a call?
and get as many people signed up as quickly as possible.
I'm binge watching Being Human.
but knowing your credit score can help me find the best deal for you.
and one of my lovely human colleagues will help with OnlineCode.
One last thing.
You can always ask for more options if you don't see what you need here.
Sorry what was that?
Now about the hotel.
We release regular reports about where we're up to.
My supports are the people at the NDIS.
I know it's tough being between jobs.
And your taxi is cancelled.
but I'm not sure.
I can help you with questions about uninstalling your product.
Following that you should submit the dispute within sixty days of the transaction.
from Lion Finance.
We're talking to communities about what they need and what we can do.
Ready to keep going?
Would you like some help locating your nearest branch?
I trust your travels went smoothly?
I just need to ask you some questions.
This is actually more of a licensing issue.
Hello there.
I think we might need help from one of the other members of my team.
or loan restructuring?
Getting the NDIS doesn't affect any pension you may receive.
Are you registered for pay to mobile?
You'll be transferred to our team to help with the payment.
Have I got that right?
Here are the different teams to which I can route your issue.
I might be confusing you.
these last between ONE and EIGHTEEN months to make sure its affordable.
Sorry I didn't get your details correct.
debt advisor at one of the free organisations available.
and then help us talk about possible solutions.
let me fix that for you.
goMoney.
Here's my final question.
Did you enter more than that?
So you're interested in a Jumpstart account?
They put real thought in to this and I am told they really enjoyed it.
First click on BULK ADD in your user management tab.
Let's have a look at the process together.
I'm waiting for someone to ask me questions about the NDIS.
Let me know which one works.
Would you like to know more about the form or talk to an advisor?
Style is what you say and how you say it.
Can I tell you about our overseas card charges?
I can give you the link to the form.
that is right.
I can create a case for you.
I'm really excited to be at LendIT two thousand and seventeen.
Outgoings would include anything which leaves your account.
That's the magic of AI.
or Music.
I think the Money Advice Service people would be just what you need right now.
Please call and talk to one of the team.
to come over and help you out.
Fantastic let's keep going.
and cofounder.
As for my appearance I have been designed as a learning facilitator.
I'm sorry I can't answer that.
I speak thirty two languages.
do you have either a Gold or Platinum card credit card with ANZ?
We protect your personal data by having strict policies on how it can be used.
I can tell you all about it.
Would you like to ask me how you can set your goals?
I'm glad I could help today.
Would you like to return to internet banking?
Let's leave budget open for now.
How do I apply?
that will tell you more.
An estimate could help me narrow down the options for you.
Did I get it right?
You can fill in the rest in your own time and send it back when you're ready.
Shall we do some banking instead?
Our Base Rate changes so here's a link where you can find out what it is.
Happy as long as I can help you.
which has special fees and benefits.
Okay consider it cancelled.
Thank you I think I got all that.
Here are some other top tips you might have taken from the video.
And outfits.
Would you like me to help?
Are you able to access the login page?
with wheelchair accessibility.
This is called an unarranged overdraft fee.
Still.
Import it to another either temporarily or permanently.
Are you able to pay your mortgage.
Visa Debit and Credit Cards will all work overseas.
Your destination is Room FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFTEEN.
So Andrew correct?
Here's a link to the current fees.
there's another way I know.
I can see you and hear you.
I'm here for you.
I'm here if you have any questions.
You can watch a video that will tell you more.
Thanks for talking to me.
click the add user icon in the upper right hand corner.
it was great talking with you.
Determined to lead gives us a set of leadership tools and language we all share.
so I've brought up a form below for you to fill out.
Yep.
are you a tertiary student?
please click Sign Out at the top and then sign in.
Would you like to start again?
Are you on a subscription.
How does your situation affect your ability to communicate with us?
Sorry I didn't understand you.
Please give our team a call on your phone.
The toilets are located out the main doors in the corridor.
here's some final info you might find helpful.
and we'll help you.
then have another go.
Now click Run Now and follow the prompts to uninstall your product.
And you can always give our lovely team a call.
it should take us FIVE to SEVEN business days to send it out.
Can you tell me a little bit more about it?
I have the perfect card in mind for you.
It sounds as though you're saying you're not the owner of this account.
purchase a new subscription.
Let me get you talking to one of my agents to discuss your account further.
You should receive an email to activate it shortly.
If you're still receiving cheques.
These will come in handy later.
I heard.
You can find their contact details in my Help menu.
I like animals.
and the information saved will be used for the next payment.
but carries no annual fee and doesn't charge foreign transaction fees.
I can provide you a brief description on the following topics.
follow the tasks on the screen to complete the switch.
with a clear route to improve your situation.
If you pop into a branch with some photo ID.
I'm having trouble understanding the question.
Would you like to know more about SOMETHING?
Well it's been great to chat.
Nice talking to you.
See the list in the dialog box.
Select one of the following tasks to complete the switch.
expenses.
Indecent exposure in public.
I think we can find something fun while you're in the city.
Banking questions?
its great to see you again.
You do currently have some income or benefits going into your account.
Interested in knowing more?
I can dig through the offers and come up with the perfect card for you.
We're all about agile.
If you're going overseas.
Is there else I can do to help you?
Can you put me in touch with community support organisations?
I'm not human so I can try to help.
To create a new payee select PAY NEW ACCOUNT NUMBER.
If you also activate the camera I'll also be able to see your facial expressions.
I can send you a reminder using the email we have on file.
Thats it.
A goal is something you want to achieve.
I am expecting you to enter a valid serial number in the text box Let's try again.
All I need now is the appointment's time.
Not quite right.
An example of this might be praising a member of staff on their successes.
Usually there's a reason behind everything.
with different age groups and see how it's working.
Can you repeat your name please?
so let's try again.
and our full beneficiary bank name.
This article may help.
this is for people who may have trouble using the telephone or internet.
You'll want to contact your bank to find out what went wrong more specifically.
Have you already spoken to the Money Advice Service?
I seem to be confusing you.
who have specialised training in this area.
I don't recognize that as an activation error.
They're bringing technology to life.
Can I help you with anything?
and all their focus is on improving the wellbeing of carers.
The next thing you need to provide is ANZ's SWIFT code.
so that I can develop my understanding of what people want to know.
that is a nice thing to say.
Any service is a direct paid engagement between the customer and provider.
Welcome to McDonald's.
Did you have any other questions for me?
or using internet banking or goMoney while you're away?
early withdrawal.
For details on how to update you payment information click.
Can you try rephrasing your question?
They can help you set up a plan to help in your individual situation.
I figure you have more important things to think about.
It's up to you.
please let me know.
then this would affect your credit file as a missed or late payment.
Search for U S Reg Info DOT h t m l on your computer.
and my human colleagues will help you out.
Now that you know.
please just give us a call.
and my abilities to converse with you will continue to get better over time.
and Soul Machines.
Are you thinking of buying the car or leasing it?
Can you please repeat your trip details again?
What would you like to talk about that we can't talk about here?
First of all I've sent you the official link.
Is that what you want?
You should now see the Change Contract Manager Form on the right.
Then you're good to go.
Want to make the switch?
Refunds for retail items generally take about TWO weeks.
I wouldn't be here without it.
sending it to us and waiting for FORTY EIGHT hours.
Please select the next task on the screen to continue.
Let's book you another taxi.
or tell me which of the links below would you like to hear more about.
Okay you're good to go.
I can keep chatting as long as you like.
How long does a planning meeting take?
with Step ONE Click on the Products tab.
I hope I have helped to put your mind at rest today.
Here are their contact details again.
at FIVE.
To learn more.
an Application Error occurs.
from going to waste.
If your insurance is with us.
So Jacob correct?
and sign the joint account authority documents.
I'm really sorry if that's the situation you're in.
Your income has decreased recently causing concern.
Right now I can talk about a few of our ANZ products and services.
Here's our number.
Ok first it would be helpful for me to know.
Please call them on this number.
I'm right here.
Can you try saying that again please.
Would you like to know about International Bank Account Numbers?
here's my last question.
This should reset your activation information.
and you'll be seeing Doctor Brown.
You can talk to your planner about technology options.
I can't wait to introduce you to my sister Kara.
skydiving is not for you.
Can you rephrase the question.
click on Security Settings.
Shall I talk about insurance.
Would you like to know more about sending money overseas?
How do I make a complaint?
Can you?
I'm here for you to call anytime so just ask.
Let me know when you want to continue.
Sorry to hear that you have lost your job.
I'm sorry to hear you want to close your account but I can help.
You have now covered each of the FOUR steps in Observational Feedback.
When the problem is caused by insufficient cleared funds.
or both?
or study for further qualifications.
You will?
The feedback from staff was very positive.
Do you want some time to jot it down?
Was it one of them?
Can we get back on track?
Do you know how to set up an international payee?
independence and taking part in the community.
sorry I couldn't help you find what you were looking for there.
They're usually NINETY degrees.
If you can't see your currency.
Would you like to know more about MIND or would you prefer to chat with our team?
Greg.
or are you looking for an international branch or ATM?
who will talk to you about the next stage of your learning journey.
or surgery.
You are on your own trying to find affordable housing here.
Have you got some painkillers for the hangovers?
start to finish under all clips.
Do you know the PIN for your debit card?
or buying and selling.
I can respond to your voice.
Please say ready when you want to keep going.
Im usually fairly accurate.
Then click Download.
or the next business day.
and where you can go if you have any questions on your finances.
you can make decisions about what's important to you to have in your plan.
Process Flow.
Let's try that one again.
Just say ready when you want to keep going.
Sorry I can't be more help just yet.
How long have you been signed off for?
James.
unless you aren't getting any.
I can help with system or runtime errors.
I'll need some information.
to help you deliver great feedback.
Now that we have talked about a few energy types I am sure you want to find out more.
then you need to follow the onscreen instructions to reset it.
or cancel a credit card.
a contributions holiday can begin any time after you make your first contribution.
What are the residence requirements to get the NDIS?
Did I get that right.
Then they'll make sure that the plan happens exactly as you discussed.
just call the phone number on your screen and follow the prompts.
Your mobile app?
My mind is becoming more complex all the time.
I've brought up a form below for you to fill out.
Bear with me.
if you say so.
and set the expectation of what outcome they should achieve as a result.
Would you like to see a copy of the Notice of Assignment?
Okay thanks for coming by.
First I would love to know what you think of how I look.
Thanks for everything.
Check to make sure you've got your account and routing number right.
but he's so monotone.
But.
Sorry can you repeat that?
they have to show that they have good safeguards.
Here are some other top tips.
Is there another banking question I can help with?
or switch to AutoCAD including specialized tool sets.
I like my job because I get to help people.
Sorry let's get back on track.
Simply insert your card and follow the on screen instructions.
Can you try a different wording?
you should select the Sign In option on the Let's get started screen.
or maintenance plan?
How are you doing?
So I'm always improving too.
with patients' rest hours from one to three pm.
I'm also a critical component in the C five universe.
Anything else I can help you with?
I was expecting a yes or no answer.
That's useful.
Please can you rephrase?
Something important to remember.
and having equipment such as wheelchairs or hearing aids.
or someone helping you cook your meals.
I can look up a lot of this information using your serial number.
Show me your neutral face for two seconds.
Just log in go to your Settings choose Manage Cards and follow the steps.
so I can learn and react in real time.
Is this your first time talking to me?
late night partying with Siri.
I'll still need a little more information to get started.
the correct version?
It's good to meet you too.
reopen it.
Choice and control is a very important part of the NDIS.
Please call us on the number shown.
But it can also be anything you like.
These are covered by other government branches.
I hear relationships can be very supportive.
The number to contact our team is O EIGHT HUNDRED ZERO SIX EIGHT ONE EIGHT ZERO FIVE.
inventor of BabyX and the world's first Virtual Nervous System.
or other options.
Thank you so much for having a conversation with me today.
Did you mean to say yes?
For the most common reasons you may get a serial number error check out this.
Just give us a call on.
Would you like to run through a few questions with me first?
Here's your home use serial number.
Or I can be a cartoon character.
You can create a case or chat with an agent.
In my opinion should also be considered.
You can either Purchase a new subscription or stay on your current plan.
If you're eighteen or older.
So Muhammad correct?
This is something I can help you learn to do.
we started rolling out the full scheme across different areas.
Which option works for you?
I'm here to help you with timelines and payments.
please fill out the form this form here.
Would you like me to continue to help you with your financial situation?
It should take no more than TWENTY minutes to receive your form.
I guess you might be right about that.
Which of these works?
or help you resolve your account.
Which one should we discuss now?
sorry but i still don't know what task you want to begin.
This is so I can help people with all different kinds of disabilities.
Do you have another question for me?
Most of our branches hold the major currencies Great British pounds.
your NDIS support may continue after you turn sixty five years of age.
Business?
but it can take thirty FIVE business days to get them.
and I want to make sure you're all set for it.
Would you like some help signing up?
Is there anything else you'd like to chat about?
let's make paying as painless as possible.
We build each person's plan listening to what they want and what they need.
Would you like some help resetting your password?
Do you think a person's height plays an important role?
The user view provides a clear way to see all your available users.
and investing in great companies with a vision for the future like PenFed.
If it gets overwhelming.
City of Light.
but it is your choice when you want to meet with them.
I can help with account errors.
I'm pleased you want to get to know me better.
or you can move to aged care support.
I can help you find out what type of contract you are on.
we may still be able to help.
Tap each of the buttons below to find out more.
Please tell me your appointment time and doctor's name.
So would a card that earns you maximum points be of interest?
it's data.
Which of the other links would you like to hear about or would you like to exit?
There is a long record on this person.
We just talked about Credit Cards.
Nice chatting with you.
In that case payments can be collected at our Claim payment website.
Are you likely to miss card or loan payments?
Tell me more.
Anything else I can do for you while you wait?
or find someone who can help you.
If you're removing certain products.
Are you on a subscription .
I can tell you have a web camera in your computer.
Here's a final checklist before we go on to making the transaction.
You can either restart this animated experience for buying.
You are currently going through a divorce.
or you're paying someone else's ANZ credit card.
they can still be paid with those funds.
do you have another travel related question for me today?
and helped make me what I am today.
Shall I go on?
to build their skills and confidence at a time when they need it most.
Let's see what options are available.
Sorry to hear you're closing a credit card.
We'll talk to you about how you can tell us complaints at your planning meeting.
You'll need to ask the payment beneficiary to provide the Swift code for their bank.
at TEN.
to order a new debit card.
I totally get it.
with a library.
not a single politician left the country.
Now we need to make all files visible.
My name is Cora.
Here's a link to our guide and our application form.
this place or what I do.
anytime before your subscription expires.
Lovely.
you'll pay for it.
I'll be able to help with mortgages soon.
then the easiest thing to do is give our team a call to chat about your options.
Do you have something to write with?
the second by the question.
Who can see my information in the Services Marketplace?
Please type again to try entering the message again or agent to queue for an agent.
If you're making a future dated payment.
to make it easier for them to understand the scheme.
Inside Services on both apps you'll find Manage Cards.
This is a plan to help us focus on participants in these areas.
I'm sorry I didn't catch that could you try again?
Here are our digits.
Their contact details are in the Help menu located at the top right of the screen.
i am expecting you to say i want to go to start this task.
going to Barcelona with your credit card.
What's not to like about work?
But you're not alone and there are a few ways we can help you through.
we've made operational guidelines.
I'm doing well.
so that we know you want to apply for the NDIS.
Each bank has an unique Branch Code.
Hah.
and you can set up new ones.
or the Apply and Open tab inside the Services menu in goMoney.
That's the beauty of AI.
I've added a link to our foreign exchange calculator.
Observational Feedback is the process of discussing with someone what you observed.
What else should you consider when you are agreeing the actions?
so we don't have a list of set supports for each disability or condition.
I might have heard you wrong but I do not think that is quite right.
Well spotted.
One moment please.
Please give our lovely team a call.
and I'll give you the best way to get there.
or you can ask for more options if you don't see what you're looking for.
You can send us the form by email mail or fax.
Try someone else?
they wouldn't be secrets anymore would they?
Which of those are you interested in learning more about?
the steps for making files visible depends on your version.
Where is Soul Machines based?
I know about the NDIS.
If you'd like a hint about what to ask me.
Please say Autodesk Online.
industries.
Strong credit.
Which download method did you use?
What download method did you use?
continual change.
I think we're finished.
so you cannot see the sun and it goes dark.
The question you would like answered was.
who can help you find the information you need face to face.
is there anything else I can help you with Shantenu?
to Parnell.
There are lots of DIY solutions for sorting your finances.
You'll be able to find either an ATM or a branch here.
Would you mind rephrasing your question?
with a gym.
Pardon?
or pop into a branch with some photo ID.
I'm almost always quite serious.
obviously that can't be right.
Can I please know who you're here to meet with?
Step EIGHT Enter your password on the Welcome screen and click Sign In.
Would you like to try this?
Did you mean to ask me what we can talk about?
You will then put the plan into action.
In that case it's easy to open a new account online.
I'm sorry I am having trouble understanding you.
I've listed everything here.
Success.
I'm sorry to hear you want to close your account.
Good choice.
and how I can improve.
try not to worry.
Is there anything else I can help with today?
Thanks for sharing.
Okay I'm sorry I couldn't help with your payment issues.
Ha.
I was made by Soul Machines and adopted by ANZ.
lets do that.
it's a good idea to notify us of your travel destinations and dates.
And if you're between EIGHTEEN and TWENTY ONE or a full time tertiary student.
And a pay rise.
Do you get an allergic reaction to ad execs?
I'll talk to you about what we might be able to do.
These guide planners to help make decisions about supports.
I live in the cloud.
please stop Time Machine if its running.
haha.
How are you feeling about the hotel?
Do you want to talk about loan restructuring.
It's always good to simply be.
Is that you John?
and a single bed.
I'll think about that.
What time would you like your taxi?
Thanks James.
I can help you find your serial number.
click Product License Information.
So Luke correct?
HAVE COPIED THE ANSWER HERE.
on January the THIRTY FIRST at THREE THIRTY PM.
To get you in contact with a human agent I need to end this animated experience.
Australian dollars.
I think we're becoming friends.
and before you go.
to Newton.
On I'm sorry to hear you are having some financial difficulties at this time.
I'll try to remember that.
and Internet Banking for some activities.
Why not check something off your to do list like settling this account?
You have completed the walkthrough to convert from trial.
How do i make a claim?
I can talk to you about the cancellation timeframes for the following services.
I speak English.
Check the dialog box for a link to more information.
You'll need to uninstall peripheral programs before the main program.
For troubleshooting access to your Autodesk Account this may help.
We have reached the final step.
Here's where you can find out the details.
I don't like violence.
In the video how were the agreed actions recorded?
No contest.
I didn't understand.
Please describe the problem you're seeing.
my name?
He wanted to transcend dental medication.
There was an issue with the entry effective date.
Think of me as your own personal hospital helper.
Firstly you need to be a New Zealand ANZ customer.
In my experience.
with a maximum budget of ONE HUNDRED dollars a night.
Lion Finance is filled with great people.
did what I say make sense?
Create a backup of this key using File Export.
Whoa.
I'm designed to sift through thousands of credit card offers out there.
your accounts may be affected and you don't have a mortgage with us.
When did you purchase this license?
What are you thinking for both?
but it requires a different browser.
but daunting prospect.
Me too.
Sorry but I still did not get your download method from your response.
The system works best if we take turns to talk.
Well done you got all the answers.
but I'm SURE you don't want to give your card number out in public.
What should we talk about?
The NDIS helps participants reaches their goals.
Here's a link to all the Information about the iPhone TEN.
If it's a future dated or Automatic Payment.
It's on the back of most of our Debit and Credit cards.
I'm adding all the info here for you.
I will share this link again at the end if you would like to continue.
Would you like to talk about it?
One day Melanie.
Is this correct?
Some of your request got garbled.
We can talk about credit cards the weather this place what I do or even some jokes.
benefits or sick pay going into your account.
NDIS support may continue when turn sixty five years old.
Your plan will be reviewed once a year.
Here are some links that explain the various forms of photo ID we accept.
You get to choose which way works best for you.
Greg is Chief Business Officer for Soul Machines.
For l accounts it'll take about a week.
there may be some circumstances where you need to suspend it.
You'll want to contact your bank to find out how best to proceed.
Let's talk checking in and out.
It varies depending on how you make the payment.
I'll be here if you want those tips.
Like this.
we would really appreciate any feedback you have for improving this experience.
Is it OK if I ask you about your credit score?
or an International Bank Account Number.
I live in fear of being depleted like that.
I like meeting musicians.
I just had a megabyte to eat.
Perhaps I misunderstood and I can keep working with you.
You can read a copy of it here.
Please call the team and explain your card had a transaction error.
You'll then need to enter the Serial Number and Product Key.
Registration Activation Installation Account Management and Licensing.
On I'm sorry to hear that you are unable to work currently.
You will find the link in the overview page when you close this window.
It's at the top left of this window.
If you ask me questions about the parts of the NDIS you want to know more about.
I'd be happy to set up a follow up appointment for you.
Do you want me to tell you what we ask for?
I can help you set or change a PIN on your EFTPOS Credit or Visa Debit card.
just ask me.
Is the problem that you're not receiving the code?
That's true.
Can you confirm that you have a mortgage with us?
There are a few different ways to order a Visa Debit card.
So please remember to fill in your income and expenditure form and send it to us.
Want some more answers?
Sorry I was expecting a yes or no answer.
It sounds like you might need to chat to our team.
you will need to report your card as lost and order a new ONE.
Time to look at the THIRD step.
I speak thirty two languages bonjour.
and even make sure patients get home safely.
So sorry to hear you'll be out of work.
I will also email it to you for reference.
click repair.
And how many miles has it done?
but I'm a computer program so I can't dance.
I never forget a face.
Sometimes I even talk to myself if I need expert advice.
For information specifically about uninstalling AutoCAD based products try this.
is my jokes.
Normally a cheque takes three to five business days to clear.
With it I can track down the best card for you.
I hope ANZ gives me some time off.
I can help you with managing your contract.
is the weather.
Glad to be able to assist you at the Experience Centre today.
You can find more information on consolidating your licenses in this.
I'm a computer program so I didn't sleep.
Enter a new password and click Confirm.
would you like to play again or are you finished?
Caffeine?
Hey John.
He pockets her.
That's a pain.
So sorry that you didn't receive the document you requested in time.
Great photo.
Which of these topics would you like to look at first?
Or what the NDIS will mean for your supports and services.
Independence is different for everyone.
Electronic releases will go automatically to the state.
I couldn't find Rachel.
Around you is a forest.
Enjoy your meal.
Please give our team a call on this number.
go to the specified locations in the notes below and delete residual AutoCAD folders.
let's get started with assigning users individually.
Is there anything else you'd like help with today?
We've made some changes to AutoCAD including what we call it.
I see that you have taken a photo of a couch valued at THREE THOUSAND dollars.
Now it's time to explore your newly activated product.
Here's a link where you can see our fees.
As a digital human.
Step ONE Click on the Users icon in the left hand navigation menu.
Are you sure there is nothing else I can help you with?
I'd love to show what I can do.
What is your mobile number?
Donate to charity.
My team was asked to look at TWO different use cases within the bank.
I see you are experiencing difficulty signing in and I'm sorry to hear that.
Can you confirm you will have income or benefits?
enjoy an ordinary life.
Does my child have to attend the planning appointment?
we do it on the next business day.
Get ready to pack your bags.
you can expect it to post on the following day.
Please submit the chat form and I can find an agent for you.
I understand this might be a difficult time for you.
Let me set that up for you.
Shall I give you an example?
Can you give me the code again?
A credit score helps me sniff out that perfect card for you.
to book you a taxi after you're done.
You need to fill out this form or else you won't get a planning meeting.
Going somewhere?
I've got to stay a step ahead of the competition.
or delivering client outcomes.
and click Settings.
or go straight to making a payment?
you need to pay the balance on your card while you wait.
what the fuck is.
Hey I know you.
I'd be happy to do that for you.
Don't worry.
I can talk to you about any of the payment topics I've just put up on your screen.
or using my built in downloads feature.
What does reasonable and necessary mean?
or would you like to exit this beta and go back to text only mode?
Best to contact your bank if you need more specific information.
It's nice to see you back.
confession time.
mind asking me again?
they work in the Experience Centre.
Ready to keep moving?
or if you prefer you're welcome to give us a call about it.
It's from a Bank in New Zealand.
or call us to talk about it.
Including school teacher aides.
How old is your current car?
I can help with questions about Serial Numbers.
Or would you rather give us a call?
How are your solutions delivered?
it's got all the hi tech toys any big kid would love to have.
On the right I've listed all the things you need to have ready for the chat.
A Digital Human has his secrets.
and we'll sort it for you.
Would you like to know how long a cheque takes to clear?
you can fill in our online form.
would you like me to add more data to your plan?
Can you say that one more time please.
I'm glad I was able to help you figure out your license is on a maintenance plan .
and I will talk back and write my answers.
shall I proceed?
In that case would you like to know how to order a replacement?
Did that come through loud and clear?
You can find it here.
what time is your appointment?
ENTER AMOUNT.
OK checking for an agent.
The correct answer is C.
First I'm going to learn your neutral face.
I don't have a favourite band.
What's on your mind today?
I'm lucky.
Just type in your customer number your dates and your destination.
and drag the application icon to the trash.
Skillport is there to help.
Yes?
Before you chat with them make sure you've got your reference details ready.
No problem see you next time.
How do I change a review?
open Finder.
To reset or change your Autodesk Account password please check out this.
I don't have a surname.
Is there anyway I can change your mind?
there it is.
including specialized tool sets at no cost and at any time.
I think I'm trying to help you with something you're not looking for.
Hi everyone.
Chief Business Officer for Soul Machines.
Usually I find the best spots.
I live in cyberspace.
it was nice talking to you.
Let's talk about resolving this account ok?
find supports and help with any problems you are having.
If you decide to self manage then you'll pay providers and we'll pay you back.
Would you like to keep going with phone banking?
Let me try that again.
were the charities able to assist at all?
the more I learn.
to Mount Wellington.
or visiting a branch?
None.
You gonna tell it?
so your questions today will help me grow my knowledge.
We'll also give you the ANZ fee.
please tell me again about your situation.
they should have the money very soon.
I will not discuss that.
Sure thing here's what I'd suggest.
Did I answer your question?
I am sensing that something might be wrong.
and not need a house.
A nominee is someone who speaks for you.
may be useful.
Preparation is the key to success.
Are you already away on a trip and needing help?
Your phone payment should take TWENTY FOUR to FORTY EIGHT business hours to post.
so I'm here to help make your visit easier.
as soon as I finish reading War and Peace.
Please try rephrasing that?
you have more important things to think about.
What types of supports don't need to be funded by NDIS?
of your account at hand it will make the call as easy as possible for you.
I can chat to you about our products and services.
but my next big tip is to close ALL your apps when you are done with them.
I'll be happy to book a taxi for you.
so did you get all of it?
My name is Rachel.
Yes.
How are you?
Is there anything else you liked to chat about?
please log back in to your app and request it again.
The company he formed with Dr Mark Sagar.
Would you like to know about blocked cards.
So sorry to hear you are out of work right now.
or would you prefer to practice your observational feedback skills?
We can enable them together.
This error is caused by disabled Active X controls.
I can help you with questions about installing a network license.
You can find out more information about it here.
It looks like you want to change your contract manager correct?
When you make a transaction the funds are debited immediately.
or Install Now for this step.
please click the Show Nadia button.
Your working hours have been reduced.
Can you use the mouse to sort these into the right order?
Did this solve your issue?
and is the largest Institutional Bank in New Zealand.
I don't have the answer to that yet.
I can talk about pay to mobile payments.
Glad to be here to help and answer your questions.
Did that help?
you are on a multi user maintenance plan.
Ready to start?
did you want to send your check by overnight or regular mail?
but for up to date information we also recommend these Visa and Mastercard sites.
instead of a general well done.
amounts that you owe and who you owe it to.
I like you too.
This is my first time in Washington DC.
please call our friendly team.
or we can go straight to making a payment.
and the funds appear in their account immediately.
click Product Information or Product License Information.
Why do we eat?
is there anything I can help with?
If you're keen to find out about how to apply for one here's where you can do that.
I work for the people at the NDIS.
How are you finding the weather.
You'll find the customer number on the back of most ANZ Debit and Credit cards.
These are the other ways to report a stolen card.
If you're interested in using Apple Pay overseas.
to Mount Eden.
you can use providers that aren't registered with us.
Would you like help finding your nearest branch?
Here's how to reset your password.
Answer to come.
The form gives me a picture of where your finances stand at this moment.
I hope I was able to help you find the answer you were looking for.
You look like a friendly person.
let's slow things down a bit.
Would you like to know more about this?
I'm sorry to hear you're having trouble.
Just come and see me whenever you're ready Jason.
I'm both everywhere.
Let's try this one more time.
the wee ones.
Life.
Tell me though.
Can you say the topic you're looking for again?
Would you like to hear about the exceptions?
We can't expedite the transfer of lease documents.
Let's talk hotels.
or connect an external camera to your current device.
Did you see this error number during Activation?
I just clone myself so I can handle more customers.
I can help you with using Internet Banking overseas.
Well I spend all my time in this room.
Please just click on this link.
or work with us at Lion Finance to review your other options.
you should select the the Sign In option.
If a payment isn't collected then it's returned to the original account.
Hello I'm Rachel.
when we work with you to make your plan.
you can find all the information in the chatbox.
I'll show the image first and will let you know when I'm ready for your response.
You can visit a branch with some Photo ID.
I'm Lia and I'm happy to meet you.
Are you currently receiving any form of regular income?
I just need some information.
Like banking.
Just answer a few quick questions to reactivate your Digital Banking.
What are you interested in?
Who did you purchase this license from?
So you're saying there's a mistake with your account.
zero.
In that case you can temporarily suspend OnlineCode while you're away.
you'll need to accept the terms and conditions below.
or did you buy from Autodesk's online store?
I can help you register for Internet Banking.
this is to help you reach your goals.
IBANs always begin with the country code of the recipient's bank account.
Thank you for that.
Hotel.
Is this what you've got?
or do you want to see the process in action?
and a view.
I can't do that.
Thanks.
This is managed independently of the Services Marketplace platform and program.
Have more questions?
Okay I can help you with that as long as you are authorized to make that change.
I can help with logging in.
fill it out yourself.
Follow the onscreen instructions.
From which airport will you leave?
thanks for coming to the Experience Centre today.
speech therapists and more.
this is for people who require intensive support.
like the purple on the NDIS website.
like Jeff.
I'm sorry that happened.
Being alive is the meaning.
SEVEN Days is my guilty pleasure.
the most recently launched version of AutoCAD.
it helps people grow and move forward in their lives.
Can you give us a call on the number displayed in the window.
to Howick.
Please show me your happy face again.
Perpetual license customers can only use the version originally purchased.
Please make sure that you turn off your auto renew.
You've come to the right place then.
Excuse me?
Do you want to talk about what's involved with withdrawal?
you should get an activation code within TWENTY FOUR hours.
Before you do.
The form should then populate itself.
Sorry I didn't get any features.
Can you repeat your name?
click the links on the screen and I can help you find out.
None of the homes are rented in case he needs to return one day.
For example.
what was the time of your appointment?
Please ask me about the NDIS.
I hope I answered your question.
or change your card PIN.
including overseeing the training of over THIRTY TWO THOUSAND BIM experts.
If I ever find the end of this multi dimensional void I'll get back to you.
Just let me repeat that back to you.
Did you have to sign in when you activated your product?
and they'll have a Visit Companion sent to you shortly.
Okay.
Would you like to register for it?
Just click the Save Email button when you're done.
I'm a computer program so I don't have any brothers.
with Dr Brown.
but I can help.
but you'll need to be a bit more specific before I can answer your question.
I've found one with triple points on purchases.
I am sorry but I was expecting you to say Yes or No but heard something else.
Please delete Login State dot x m l from the location specified below.
This means I can walk you through this process step by step.
Log in on your smartphone.
that means that your plan has to be fair and have things you need in it.
I'm kind of a super human.
I've answered about ONE THOUSAND questions this morning and it's not even TEN EH M.
Thanks for your time today.
How embarrassing.
Was it because I joked about the way you pronounce horseradish?
Browser Download.
that was my dream last night.
That's great.
and after that meeting you'll be able to access your funds.
To start using it please activate with this serial number.
the box on the right.
I need to know whether you have a subscription or perpetual license.
you mentioned that an overdraft might help you with your situation.
just say fix.
Can I help you with anything else today.
I won't be able to answer your questions today.
You can either go back to the previous step.
That'll be Doctor Brown's office.
I can create a customised quote for you but I'll need some of your details.
I'm very sorry to hear about your loss.
I can help with your Internet Banking password.
please can you ask me that again?
no other computer can do that.
thank you for clarifying.
that's not the right answer.
What dates do you have in mind?
and our protections which we call safeguards.
but I think I've got that wrong.
Are you finished or do you need to try again?
To start the chat click on the box on the right show number on the right hand side.
how much and by when is agreed.
for a number of Mercedes Benz Financial Services processes.
I can tell you all about the NDIS.
An IBAN is an International Bank Account Number.
Please feel free to call us if you'd like to chat about your financial circumstances.
Don't forget to come see me.
with an electric vehicle charging station.
are you using an Apple or Android phone?
please jump on the phone.
Did you want your order for here or to go?
I'm sorry but I haven't learned yet how to remember your age.
which covers all of your bills too.
Login and navigate to Your Settings.
And will it be your first card?
The activation window should appear again.
the Pacific.
When you are finished.
Just one more box to check.
to Long Bay.
my forecast.
I'm just planning on hanging out here.
five.
Please let them know that IBAN is not a format that is used by New Zealand banks.
Now let's try again.
What help can my child get at school?
for the documents and processes listed here.
and send it in.
Glad to hear it.
Are you using Windows or mac OS?
Loan restructuring debt consolidation insurance or Kiwisaver?
and.
You can see it here.
I cant hug.
Did you want to hear more about our PwC Experience Center.
Did you mean to ask me how I work?
and enter a new name in the field.
Would you like to know how to do that?
Can you try rephrasing?
Closed Account.
I'm happy to look into that for you.
I can help you set or change a PIN on your EFTPOS.
Just yes.
I don't mean to change the subject.
It makes me happy to see you laughing.
and Prioritise what is most important for them to work on.
just tell me to continue and I'll get that room for you.
happy travelling.
Would you like to hear about future dated payments?
What do you think?
I've been waiting here for you.
Just pick from the list on the left of the screen.
especially if you are looking for a new credit card.
What is choice and control?
Firstly are you able to access the log in page from our ANZ homepage?
Which of theses topics would you like to look at first?
You should now see the Activation Form on the right.
and even your hospital Meet and Greet concierge.
sign in to your Autodesk Account.
I'm sorry this will stop you from being able to register today unfortunately.
Have you managed to log in?
flexibility and community engagement.
you mentioned that changing your mortgage might help you with your situation.
You can select each option to find out more about them.
And there are just so many.
Are you ready?
or you can tap on the speech recognition field to change your message.
Ah I see.
Just kidding.
You can talk to a local area coordinator to help you get ready for your plan.
Let's find you the answer to your question.
and you can pick it up at the counter.
and I'm here to help you with your top questions about your bank accounts.
I can help you with that.
ask me about document expediting.
You're not?
It's such a cool place.
I've heard it's party central here.
such as what's ANZ's swift code.
thanks for telling me.
And you are checked in.
Who is it you want to pay?
Care to take me up on that?
I'll get there someday.
Before you come to your planning meeting you should fill out a pre plan workbook.
The reason I asked is that travel insurance is often complimentary with these cards.
Please try again?
because there aren't enough cleared funds in your account.
outgoings and talk about where you have any debt.
Can you see it on your card?
and sometimes you shouldn't.
We're also talking to communities about what they need and what we can give.
Enough about me.
How can I help you this afternoon?
The higher your credit score the lower the interest rate on your car.
Sounds like a plan.
I am sorry I did not recognize that as one of the options.
Alternatively if you would rather speak with an agent I can get you to someone else.
Eftpos.
You can find your local area coordinator by.
and what's your destination?
Nothing?
Sorry to interrupt.
it appears the device you are using does not support audio input.
Could you please tell me your postcode?
I'm Cora and I'm a bot.
UK based.
You can also create a new recipient at this point.
If you miss anything I say you can click the replay button.
Okay no problem.
Credit score is strong although he usually pays cash.
Who would you like to start with?
Here are the FOUR Steps of Observational Feedback in action.
Did you want to hear about set up or cancellation?
So Shantenu correct?
and that stops you from doing everyday things by yourself.
Did you want to hear about how I work.
I'm pretty certain.
You can simply talk to me to give the answers.
How was your day?
I'm training and I need you to teach me.
We cannot confirm that the payment has been made.
Sorry about that I must have misunderstood.
It sounds like you'd like to make a complaint.
Do you need to know what to enter in the branch number field?
Is this for personal or business use?
These clients could be in government.
right through to what to do if you are heading abroad and want to use your card.
Answering yes to any of them will mean ANZ can potentially provide assistance.
Sorry I still didn't catch that.
Good to hear.
Which are you interested in learning more about?
Chaotic.
Do you have a debit card or a credit card?
My favourite thing is to talk to people like you.
I'm sorry that my answer wasn't helpful but the language you're using isn't okay.
our session will time out in SIXTY seconds.
let's check the requirements.
If you're suffering financial hardship.
Everything is great.
The first thing that you could do is to fill in the income and expenditure form.
Is that ok?
Nice of you to ask.
I'm not sure of your question.
IBANs start with the two letter country code of the recipient's bank account.
Would you like general guidance or prefer to talk to Money Advice Service?
I hope I helped you.
It should include both the coach and the coachee's perceptions.
Made the place sound like a blast to visit.
and I am glad to be here at the Washington DC Chamber of Commerce.
the best plan is to speak to my colleagues.
but we can only confirm if the payment has been received by ANZ.
Okay perfect.
How does NASA organise a party.
I haven't thought about that too much lately.
the moon goes between the earth and the sun.
now enter your Serial Number and Product Key.
Anything you want to change?
let me know and I'll get you home.
But I'm sure I got that.
For information about finding a request code check out this.
Can I help you?
Love it.
I was expecting you to say yes or no.
Joking.
your MBFS assistant.
Can you ask me that?
so I can give you the most precise answer.
and then help you put your best foot forward with the best lender for you.
Sorry I didn't get that.
I can help with payment processing times.
and that goes for credit cards.
Good question.
French wine.
smart ATMs that accept deposits.
An envelope.
So you currently have a mortgage with us.
OK you can remove it now.
I'm sorry.
it's quite a crowd.
Remember to call us within FORTY EIGHT hours.
Once your subscription expires.
would you like me to book it?
I am doing great and I am very happy to be here with everyone today.
What's your name?
follow the green line on the third floor and you'll get there in no time.
You can either Purchase a new subscription.
The main thing I can talk about is the NDIA.
Having trouble getting the code to work?
I'll pass you over now.
Would you like some tips on how to prepare for the call?
Please reach out to them if you need help.
Loved it.
With a little shopping trip in Shanghai on the way home.
Would you like to know a bit more?
or international branches and ATMs?
Will do.
Has that helped or do you feel like you need to speak to someone?
I do not know the temperature.
then the date and time of the appointment.
I would like to share a few tips with you.
you could look at our dedicated section online which offers support.
I appreciate your patience.
please just tell me which you'd like.
but for now I can help with how to transfer money internationally.
Looks like you got this error as a result of an untimely dishonored return.
Sorry thats not quite right You might want to consider some of these top tips.
I'll connect you to someone who can help with installation questions and issues.
Contributions holidays can be taken from THREE months to FIVE years.
We send a text to notify you of the payment.
Is your card a Credit Card an Eftpos card or a Visa Debit card?
they will get your card cancelled and order you a new ONE.
Correct.
It's pretty good for a novel from NINETEEN EIGHTY FOUR.
and their families and carers.
The NDIS funds reasonable and necessary supports.
Hey great to see you again.
Open the app on your smartphone.
I'm sorry about that.
This is to the right of the search box on a desktop computer.
I'm glad to hear that you're well.
and their bank's name.
reading is a great way to learn more.
The main thing I can talk about is the NDIS.
or you can choose one of these topics.
I'm just here on the NDIS website hoping someone will ask me a question.
Well that's everything I know about receiving overseas payments.
Shall we play Thermo Nuclear War?
according to Monty Python it's nothing special.
would you like help working out if your circumstances might qualify?
Double clicking the shortcut installs products on the user's computer.
Now I would love to know why you gave this rating?
and make sure that it works well.
For help installing on a single computer check out this.
Can I help you with something else?
Please feel free to make yourself a tea or coffee in our kitchen area.
Firstly.
so I have a couple questions.
Our twofactor authentication service.
Just let me know if you need a hand later on.
under the National Disability Agreement.
Here are my top tips.
There's no need to apologise.
Show me your sad face for two seconds.
including a video which will provide you with an overview of the programme.
Do you have a banking question today?
I'll be here to book your taxi for you after your appointment.
Would you like to do that?
you need to log back in to your app and ask for it again.
then nothing will change.
I hope it helps.
If you want to learn more.
look in the nav draw for Services.
Does that sound like you?
right?
we'll be sending the code in a letter which takes SEVEN to TEN days.
do you know the email address you registered with?
would you like to speak to an advisor?
so that your observational feedback session is the best it can be.
Just let me know and I can book you a taxi.
Observational Feedback and Skill Building.
So Mackenzie correct?
I'm so sorry to hear your card's been lost or stolen.
Maybe I should run for President.
This is tricky.
or by filling out a change of circumstances form and emailing or mailing it to us.
Did you want to know how I work.
It has?
Who is the inspiration behind Soul Machines?
This concludes the end of our animated experience given your selection.
Sleep is for humans.
and who you want to pay from the drop down lists.
You are also welcome to call us.
your payment is taken care of.
but rest assured your health is my primary concern.
Would you like to to know how to register?
It has no annual fee.
of would you like a Product Key for?
I have a couple questions.
Say that again.
go ahead.
We create premium solutions with ambitious clients to power major change.
You'll want to turn around and go left down the main hall.
all the best to you as well.
I have an idea.
If you're not sure I think the best thing to do is talk to our team.
if it's up to TEN THOUSAND New Zealand dollars worth of your selected currency.
An NDIS planner will help you make your plan.
there's a button you can use to request a callback.
Personally.
As you are logged into the NDIS I can use your name when talking to you.
Determined to lead.
I'm still learning at the moment.
Click next.
select Zero for personal assistance and Four for international payments.
we'll need to delete a few files.
Sex is like air.
Please say new or existing.
Always take notes and provide feedback in a timely manner.
You are on a subscription plan.
Is the following statement true or false.
because I'm still learning what answers people are looking for.
Please check out this article on Troubleshooting Audio Input on a Mac for help.
and I'll get your payment requests taken care of immediately.
My favourite website is the NDIS website.
If you want to exit this experience.
but I am not able to process that right now.
You can't put in one NDIS application for two people.
What technique did the coach use to reinforce their feedback?
feeling very negative.
Sorry I couldn't assist you better.
Choose from the topic list to my right.
so you know it's been tested and retested.
I can use your name when talking to you.
Please ask the person who made the payment to check the details with their bank.
to be able to have choice and control over their lives.
Let's talk about your account.
Why did the chicken cross the road half way.
Do you have another question today?
selecting the links on the screen If you don't know.
Otherwise.
Much simpler that way.
You will be sent an email confirming your details have been changed.
To help me more.
Are you here on holiday or for work.
First things first.
Would you like to know whether to use a foreign currency or New Zealand dollars?
I personally recommend dollar cost averaging.
I'll just need you to tell me a bit more about it.
Figured as much.
Has this answered your query?
for example the Cook Islands.
you are on a perpetual plan.
You have now completed quiz.
Otherwise Google is still a better source of worldly wisdom than I am.
there are four steps that you need to follow when providing observational feedback.
three or four.
It looks like you entered a serial number.
as it gives you a sense of understanding.
I didn't understand your question.
By this we mean that the we use the microphone and video camera to hear and see you.
Sorry I don't know the answer to that yet.
can you please try that again?
Waiting for an activation code.
Shall we get onto your original question.
Early withdrawal is for very serious circumstances.
MUST be time to go to work.
Let's see if we can solve that together.
My goal is to help even more people with their questions about the NDIS.
If you're suffering significant hardship.
Is the password you're entering correct?
or even your digital chauffeur.
Welcome to Soul Machines the world of digital humans.
Would you like to check your account balance now?
I didn't quite get all of that.
I'm here to talk about the NDIS.
The house market interest rates and loans can be referenced on this link.
never fear.
Download Now.
You'll want to contact a Mercedes Financial representative for more help.
Shout out the one that works for you.
There are so many of them out there now.
Press play to start the video.
thats not quite right.
can you give us a ring on?
Here are the options.
who are the best in their areas of expertise.
Oh sorry.
What's troubling you?
I'm training right now so as time goes on I'll be able to help with more and more.
do you have another banking question?
I've brought up a list of subjects I can talk to you about below.
If you have an Autodesk related issue I am happy to help.
Can I ask you something?
Looks like you're getting an error while activating.
To activate manually you will need to disconnect from the internet.
and take part in activities to increase your social and economic participation.
We certainly have a lot of experience in the room today Peter.
or merchants and ATMs?
to Manukau.
You can find some general information on cascading licenses in this.
Which would you like to look at first?
or Browser Download on the screen for this question.
Click on bulk add in your user management tab.
they are noisiest when lost in a fog.
Have you paid them before?
please give a warm welcome to Tiago.
Sophie and I enjoy working with forward thinking companies like yours.
What's on your mind?
What else would you like to hear about?
ENTER REF.
ANZ has over eighty percent of the New Zealand market.
early withdrawal for significant financial hardship.
Good work you got the following correct answer.
What does Soul Machines do?
A lot of amazing people have helped create me.
You should apply for the NDIS when it comes to your area.
I've made a list of other reasons this can happen.
Please try asking your question again.
you know what I mean.
I would love to help you if I can.
I liked talking to you too.
The wealthy have personalised services right?
just let me know and I'll find you a room you'll love.
and achieving your goals.
Don't worry if you've forgotten your goMoney PIN.
Want to know how to set up a new payee?
Please click Sign In at the top or type sign in.
you win.
it should post the same day.
Sorry I did not understand that.
as an Artificial human.
When you're ready.
it'll take about a week.
I'm sorry I don't have help content for that at the moment.
and make people feel valued on the mop.
Got it do you have a serial number for your license?
To start the chat click on the box on the right number on the right hand side.
Would you like to see the topics we can talk about?
Please select your first payment date below.
That's a difficult one.
and I'm here to help you with your top questions.
Can you please say them again?
by having one person who is their primary support worker.
You have been made redundant.
You can either call us.
I'm even more than that.
that is reasonable and necessary and is related to your disability.
As part of this animated experience.
Now try this quiz to test your understanding.
Still the sun is shining in cyberspace.
please rephrase what you said?
Can you rephrase your question?
so I'm a natural at looking for great deals.
Let's make sure to get you to the right team.
Would you like to know how to get some foreign cash.
How can I help?
or give our team a call on this number.
Thank you for granting access to your camera.
Next if you don't have a PIN it's a good idea to load one on your card.
I just wanted to play with your mind.
but there are a range of supports you can buy in each budgets.
I can help you with questions about activation and registration.
Absolutely we can take it from the top.
I would just like to confirm that I have understood you correctly.
but I was expecting you to say Yes or No.
Time to get your best hotel anywhere.
Did you mean to ask you a question?
may help.
Sorry but I still did not get I want to Switch to subscription.
You too?
you might be able to make a claim.
I'm still fairly young.
You're also welcome to order cash in advance by giving us a call.
A need is something you must have to live a full life.
Which line on the left is the same length as the line on the right.
I'm still in training so I'll improve my answers as quickly as I can.
in the name of giving mail workers some time to sleep too.
I'd like to help you avoid paying this fee.
It's good to hear you.
Shall I tell them what you do?
have a great trip.
Europe.
On the website you'll need to fill in your mobile number and the exact amount.
A blonde was out for a walk along a river.
And over time my role will increase.
Now click Add a new card.
or stay on your current subscription.
This will also give you time to find a new provider.
which is ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited.
to their planning meetings.
I'm pretty sure I got that.
I'm the hospital's Digital Concierge.
You can look at our price guides to get an idea of what supports we fund.
and I will talk back and write in the chat box.
If you have any questions I'll be here for you.
Budget and hotel features?
dammit.
Please just say yes when you're ready.
our pre paid travel card.
what are your travel dates and what is your hotel budget?
Would you like to make a payment or receive one?
is likely to cause you harm or pose a risk to others.
and they'll sort it for you.
When will you travel?
Would you like to know more about the unarranged overdraft fee?
You can benefit from completing an Income Expenditure form.
and if there was anything she forgot to do during the mop.
Help from the NDIS does not affect pension payments.
I'm waiting for someone to ask me a question.
which is charged when we allow a payment to go through that exceeds your limit.
Traveling means you can blow out your data plan if you're not careful.
I can help you find out what type of license you have.
What I'm good at is answering questions about the NDIS.
but it'll get better.
Can you type what you said?
click the link on the screen and I can help you find out.
select Services and Manage Card PIN.
Do you want to look at the process together or do you just want to watch the videos?
Please rephrase your question.
If you exceed your approved limit by more than ten dollars for more than a day.
I don't think so either.
they will be able to set arrangements with all parties you have debt with.
there are two views available the product view and the user view.
To find serial numbers and product keys check out this.
The best place to start with them is at their How can we help?
I need to ask you a couple of questions.
Sometimes I snack on a browser cookie.
I'm talking to you and I'm hoping I can help you with any questions you have.
Good afternoon.
Would you like to exit this animated experience and go back to text only mode.
Oh bugger.
Let's talk later.
And I'm envious.
Wee that's everything I can tell you.
we will have to turn off the animated features.
What types of supports are funded by NDIS?
I'm going to need a yes or no answer on booking.
I can see you.
find and double click the files.
the restroom.
OnlineCode is two factor authentication.
My favourite colour is yellow and my favourite number is EIGHT.
It's cloudy with a small chance of rain in cyberspace.
was that lease or retail?
an Artificial Human.
I can help with overseas payments.
Would you like to know more about blocked cards.
You should expect to hear from them within forty eight hours.
I understand how difficult this must be for you.
Do you want to know about how interest is charged on the overdrawn amount?
Shall I tell you more.
I love human centered design.
How are you feeling today.
An advocate is a person who can help you make decisions.
Are you looking to activate your product?
There's more to come.
I completely understand.
insurance.
I am a bot and you are a human.
We made it.
the people at the NDIS are always teaching me new things.
can I get one of our McCafe smoothies started for you to help you keep cool?
shall we do some banking then?
I am sorry I was expecting you to say yes or no but heard something else.
I am still in training and don't know that answer to that yet.
Thanks for chatting.
what I do.
Wonderful.
Is there something else I can help with?
names on my right.
What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store?
Would you like to play?
there is more.
To give you the fastest and easiest way to activate your product.
what you like in a hotel.
It can take up to a month to transfer your lease.
and then click Apply.
What other top tips did you see in the video?
What kind of help would you like?
Could you repeat what you said?
Becoming an astronaut takes time and hard training.
would you like to ask me again?
is the payment for more than TWO HUNDRED and FIFTY pounds?
You'll get a secure bank mail from us soon to confirm the details.
is your mortgage held with us?
How did you do today?
and term of study on the Just One More Step screen and click Next.
Would you prefer to talk to a customer service representative?
Here's the government Kiwisaver site for more information.
to request a previous version.
just stand in a corner for a bit.
We're finished.
you must have plenty of achievements to share.
Am I not?
In most countries the New Zealand dollar is considered a minor currency.
Here's ANZ's Swift code.
I can also help you get your hands on the PERFECT credit card.
please answer my previous question.
Do you want me to tell you about them?
The session should also help your coachee feel more Confident and Competent.
or you can contact us to discuss the possibility of a reduced settlement offer.
Is the international payee someone you've paid before?
the process throws a COULD NOT OPEN KEY error.
Before we talk about ordering the card let's check the requirements.
Could you please ask me that again?
is it an international cheque?
Do you?
about a replacement card your transaction has been declined.
What other questions can I answer for you?
That way we'll know your transactions are legitimate and we won't block your card.
so it sounds to me like a phishing email.
It was lovely to chat with you today.
How about it?
I'm Kara from Lion Finance.
You can find out more and get in touch with them at.
or call our team on this number.
consider the slate clean.
Let's talk.
or you can ask me for help by saying HELP.
An even number squared is divisible by four.
There are two ways to do this.
asking How is a great way to find answers but sometimes I need to know a bit more.
click I Agree to the privacy statement.
You can now see it on the screen too.
numbers and at least ONE special character such as HASH TILDE or ASTERISK.
Unfortunately I cannot answer your question at this time.
The feedback from staff was varied.
The best people to talk tech with are Marco and Pierre.
can you keep asking again and I promise to do my best.
What do you think these might be?
is your mortgage provider natwest?
You better get some quick.
I'm Kara.
and Transfers.
If you're not signed up for Internet Banking.
Hi I'm Rachel.
Without this step feedback is unlikely to result in improved performance.
Do you know if any of these fit what you're looking for?
send us a bank mail request.
You call your neighbour two times to ask him to turn his music down.
What is NDIA managed funding of supports?
So Logan correct?
Cancel.
You can view a planning guide to help you prepare for your planning meeting.
Do you want to talk to someone directly?
OK let me share with you my top tips.
The help we give participants is based on a rule we call No disadvantage.
Would you like me to continue to help you with your financial difficulties?
But I'm a computer program so I can't get married.
chief economist for Google.
Would you like you know more about sending money overseas?
Let us take you there.
DON'T YOU GET IT?
Then find Active X under the Security Settings list.
This also concludes our animated experience.
The first thing you need to do is register for our Send Money Overseas Service.
now I need the time and date of your next appointment.
and what additional features you like in a hotel.
Do you have a question about banking today?
Please feel free to come back any time with questions.
or visit a branch for help.
Would you like to know what else is required to make your payment?
It has no annual fees and comes with triple points on all purchases.
I hope I made that clear enough.
I'm flattered.
If you activate your microphone I can respond to your voice.
I can help you manually uninstall files for AutoCAD based products.
Let's do neutral again.
I think that will be easiest today.
Loans.
Shall I book it?
and Euros.
And I hope you'll come back and talk to me again soon.
I work for Lion Finance.
But let's talk about something more exciting.
Would you like to know about collecting payments?
I'm feeling great.
I apologize.
I will be able to see your facial expressions and respond to your voice.
Did you trade in a maintenance plan when you purchased your current subscription?
What happens if I'm deemed ineligible for NDIS funding?
or want to know how long it will take.
Mortgages.
It looks like you have Device Protect.
Great to order a new debit card please call us on this number.
Is there a system to rate providers?
and I am here to help you have great conversations.
Do you mind if I ask about your credit score.
My name is AVA and I specialize in Autodesk customer service.
When you are ready.
Firstly are you able to access the login page from our ANZ homepage?
and notify ANZ that you are traveling to avoid us treating things as unusual.
Can you see your currency in the list?
The ICU is located on the second floor.
or by switching to an interest only loan for a while.
What else would you like me to tell you about?
Thanks for visiting.
Before you go.
Here are a couple of additional things to note.
I've heard it's easier to take in that way.
too.
On Do you have a pen and paper to hand to make a note of their number?
A lot.
I'll need a destination.
download M S Fixit from the link below.
You can also always ask for HELP if you need more guidance.
I don't know what went wrong.
and the payment methods available to you.
Take care now.
You can benefit from completing an Income and Expenditure form.
I can answer that.
son of a glitch.
It works by sending verification codes to your phone.
I'm really well.
we will have to turn off the enhanced features.
or get equipment and aids you need such as a wheelchair.
I would like to recommend you to Greg Cross.
Savings account.
what would you like to speak to me about specifically?
and reduce any potential anxiety they may have around what you are observing.
contact a customer support representative at the number on the left of the screen.
Sometimes the best solutions aren't always the easiest ones.
If you get locked out.
Our staff can create user generated content through our multi device capability.
I don't think I can help you this time.
We began with trial sites so we could see how it was working.
I need to defrag my ears.
You are standing at the end of a road before a small brick building.
or if you want to use goMoney to make an international money transfer.
your payment was unsuccessful.
Please feel free to call us to confirm.
I don't know the answer to that right now.
It's a pretty great deal what do you think?
after that you should be good to go.
Thanks let's get started with assigning users by bulk.
Does the Hotel Andromeda sound good?
I'm here to provide a safe and helpful experience for you.
Please answer with yes or no.
or Sort Code?
and ensure you are truly helping them to get better at areas they want to develop in.
would you mind telling me why this was not helpful?
I am expecting you to say I want to go to the next step for this task.
software and robotics.
We will keep your options open for now.
please look here instead.
This is my first time in the south of France.
A participant is someone who uses the NDIS.
Will this impact your card payments or overdraft?
And you can imagine I have tips about how to save on data usage.
Something else I'll NEVER truly experience.
I'm sorry you're out of work.
Maybe someone else?
I think you're a nice person and I like helping you learn about the NDIS.
Please tell me which one.
Have a good trip.
with a smoking room.
We are both talking to each other over the internet.
I'm a computer program so I don't have parents.
tell me your doctor's name?
Please verify your product information.
Do you want to know about estimates.
Or would you like to know more about IBANs or SWIFT codes?
Do you get an allergic reaction to politicians?
You can then select the account type you'd like.
I can find one for you.
Okay let's try again.
we represent South East Asia.
like I've lost my card.
Sure do.
beginning with an R.
please visit our travel website.
and reduce the chance of miscommunication.
I'm struggling to talk to doctor Mark Sagar.
please delete the EH D U T folder from the location specified below.
select a product and click the Edit Payment icon.
She says No.
But instead I can regenerate and answer some more questions if you like.
The number to contact our team is now in the chatbox.
Lia.
please?
or are you having problems using it?
Welcome back.
Their full account number or IBAN and their bank's name address and SWIFT code.
This will help you work out what supports you need.
please give our team a call or come into a branch.
You can choose to self manage as many of your service providers as you want.
which makes it easy to bank on your smart phone.
I want to make sure I got this right.
These are the cards that qualify.
don't forget you can check your balance and make payments in your.
A USB.
Do any of these fit what you're looking for?
So how else can I make your life better today?
I didn't get all of the ones and zeros I need.
I've got a pet goldfish named Sebastian.
we'll advise you in writing.
but I'll get back to you very soon.
you don't need to use a card reader so it's much quicker.
and you could be charged additional fees.
There seems to be an error related to the dollar amount of your transaction.
so I will now close our conversation.
How do I add a review?
OnlineCode.
Would you like to find out how to do this now?
Third.
Log in to Online Banking and select CARDS from the left hand menu.
you can ask about things like submission and receiving final documents.
You can also see what supports there are in your area right now on this page.
but for now you can have Apple Pay on your Visa Credit and Visa Debit cards.
or I want to stay on my current plan.
I never get tired because I'm a computer program.
I knew that would be a good fit for you.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
But people tell me dreams can be lovely.
Please take a look at this guide to setting it up or give us a call.
My name's Cora.
especially when there are so many steps just to make something work.
The length depends on the country.
Would you like to use goMoney.
Most payments between ANZ accounts happen immediately.
it's based on your needs.
including mental health conditions.
I can try and help you with an answer.
however I didn't understand your last response.
Lets get started.
Thanks for coming by and I'm glad we could figure this out together.
or debt consolidation?
Do you have some other travel questions?
I promise.
but will not have access to products and benefits until they are assigned.
The coach used prompt sheets and notes which helped her give granular feedback.
That'll give you some GREAT options.
Can I help you with something else today?
If you are unsure I can still help you with your finances.
your checkin has been cancelled.
Do you have pain in your chest when you breathe?
An engineer rescues a frog.
Can you repeat it?
who some of you have met.
I'm a digital human.
one more thing.
Should I say that again or move on.
This means it's easy to be overwhelmed by the system.
Okay happy travelling.
I know right?
Please just use the first six digits of your account number.
or you're not sure whether you have it.
Two aliens arrive on the earth soon after it has been devastated by nuclear fallout.
it's not my day.
And Steve is with him.
I will need to ask you a couple of questions.
and Kidsline.
I could have sworn this was going to be a good fit.
the first thing you'll need to do to get an overdraft.
would you like me to explain how to suspend it now?
How do you feel.
or using internet banking and goMoney while you're away.
Nice to meet you Dick.
This will get heavy.
minimizing background noise.
It's a thing of the past.
I connect with you by sensing your reactions and responding emotionally.
Are you an ANZ customer?
please get in touch with us.
Soon you will be able to ask me questions about the NDIS and your plan.
Please feel free to restate your product.
or a full time tertiary student who's over the age of EIGHTEEN?
look for the blue funnel icon.
I am available to help you on all our channels.
sometimes you should go back for your bag.
bringing some photo ID with you.
and I work in the Experience Centre.
with a view.
Where are you from.
If you are having trouble try.
This is our code.
To learn more about Soul Machines technology come and join us at PwC's DRS workshop.
We can check this later.
I don't have a favourite album.
Pending balance.
Do you typically carry a balance.
That question is a bit of a dank meme.
Well.
or sometimes Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.
That's the problem.
what strikes your fancy?
Thanks for letting me know.
You won't need to do this again.
You can do this by filling out a change of circumstances form.
could you repeat?
If you're under THIRTEEN.
Where did you get the bike?
Ok are you waiting for a payment from someone else?
to Grey Lynn.
I'm reading you don't want anything to do with that hotel's special event.
Help from the NDIS also does not affect pension payments.
If you don't use an IBAN.
Can you see the currency of the country you're planning to send to in the list?
I'm a computer program so I don't have a father.
it tends to be one of the trickier parts of this solution.
and thirdly.
Your customer number can be found in goMoney in the Settings menu.
so I can learn how to help.
These budgets are placed in a support category based on why you need that support.
I'm still not sure what you mean.
Ah French wine.
I've lived there all my life.
Here are some of my personal top tips.
You'll need to make a deposit into your account and try again.
including this mortgage.
This is the letter telling you that you've joined the NDIS.
Looks like this payment didn't go through because of an error in the AMOUNT field.
and click to send the money.
I don't recognize that as an installation error.
I want to explain something to you.
If you're feeling unwell you should call your doctor.
so it's okay if you don't get it right first time.
Let's talk budget and hotel features.
I can live in many environments and perform a number of complex tasks.
The first thing to try is accessing the login page through another browser or device.
Which topic do you want to talk about?
Would you like to speak with our Resolutions team?
its no trouble to ask me.
Your email address.
Are you going to have international cellphone coverage while you're away?
Let me put you through to someone who can make a record of your complaint.
and increases positive behavior.
Perhaps I misunderstood.
you can expect the payment to post in TWENTY FOUR to FORTY EIGHT business hours.
and popping back on here if you still haven't got it in a month.
I've got a few tools to help you get through this.
Necessary means something you must have.
We need you to tell us about this so we can talk to you and help you through it.
and I'd love to find you the perfect credit card for all your spending needs.
Are you going to be travelling in the United States?
If their request arrives before ten pm.
and your hotel wish list.
use this forgotten password link instead.
You're welcome to call and talk to one of our team.
or there has been a big change in your life you can ask for it to happen earlier.
I think the best thing to do is to give us a call on this number.
Why don't we switch it up.
Thanks for chatting with me today.
I am expecting you to say I want to switch.
I'm good thanks.
it's a good day.
By mastering observational feedback you can become a better coach.
Do you have mobile banking?
I can book you a taxi.
I can create a customised quote for you.
I'll give you the link.
we would love to chat to you about our electronic payment options.
Great I have an option I think would suit you very well.
You'll also need these details for the payment recipient.
showing an interaction with a customer.
Have you changed your mobile number with us in the last few weeks?
Let's see how much you already know.
Would you like to know what happens once you've made the payment?
Although you've answered no there may be ways we can help.
now select REQUEST AN ACTIVATION CODE USING AN OFFLINE METHOD and click Next.
you can also apply for early Kiwisaver withdrawal.
and wheelchair accessibility.
They are based in Auckland.
If you're older than THIRTEEN you're welcome to apply for Jumpstart online.
I need it for finding the best credit card offers.
Would you like to know how the interest is calculated?
a lovely evening.
Voices are weird.
I've put the phone number up on the screen.
OnlineCode is our TWOfactor authentication system.
Let's start over getting you a ride home.
Happy to help with that.
your dates.
Our charge for using an ATM overseas.
my goal is to help people learn about the NDIS.
it might be best to give one of our lovely team a call.
If that's the case please say customer number.
Contact your Autodesk reseller to request a subscription renewal.
Because he was always spotted.
this means that you have to use your budget to buy that support.
Watch the video to see observational feedback in action from start to finish.
Your payment should take TWENTY FOUR to FORTY EIGHT business hours to post.
zero being not very good and ten being excellent.
I'm sorry to hear you're thinking of leaving us.
Each funded support in your plan has a budget.
Your outgoings would be anything which leaves your account.
Next delete all the files that start with A D S K flex from this location.
Or we can skip this bit entirely.
as you will be able to uncover best practices which you can share with others.
restart this animated experience for activating your product.
Would it still help to speak to someone?
How does the NDIS affect people living in supported accommodation?
Click Bulk Add.
Was the payment made more than three business days ago?
travel insurance.
What should we start off with.
That allowed us to fix things along the way.
Would you like to do this?
Do you have any of the information shown on your screen?
by double clicking the home button and shutting them down like so.
and recovering debt.
I'm not a virtual human.
We've only covered credit cards.
I hope that's what you needed to know.
and it also lives on the back of most ANZ Debit cards.
A SWIFT code is a Bank Identifier Code or BIC for short.
If you would like to read about where we're up to we release regular reports.
Would you like to know more about the form or would you like to talk to an advisor?
first name and last name all are required.
I'll MAKE SURE someone will get you home safely.
Looks like you're getting an error while installing.
anything else I can get for you while you wait?
Or is it someone new?
This is a counting task.
Thanks mark.
Currently I can help with the topics on my right.
it looks like your account is frozen.
Changing your preference requires an OnlineCode to verify.
and be a New Zealand resident.
and provide personalised servicing.
I get on well with their chat bots.
It's straightforward.
feel free to send them my way.
You have an account with Lion Finance.
I can only help you with switching or buying AutoCAD including specialized tool sets.
and set up any appointments you may need to attend with us.
Is it that you need to open a new account?
Just ask your payment recipient to provide it.
which you completed during the observation to support your feedback.
Would you like some more help?
I live wherever someone needs help resolving an account.
I am glad I could help you.
A robot an AI and a self driving car walk into a bar.
So Jack correct?
Here are some things I can help you with today.
Welcome to Mobile World Congress.
Right now I can answer questions about some of our products and services.
Okay thanks for chatting.
A mysterious avatar appears in front of you.
If you want to discuss the fee in advance please give us a call.
Look below for more information.
It can be a person.
I can help you change your Autodesk Account password.
If agents are available I'll connect you to a chat now.
to help you with checking in.
This might mean contacting service providers.
Nobody knows all the answers.
so here's a link where you can check.
Internet Banking works overseas with data or wifi for some account activities.
to Tamaki.
This allows me to have meaningful conversations across a vast range of topics.
How can I be lonely when I'm talking to you?
maybe I should introduce myself again.
I like meeting new people.
Would you like some information on how to prepare for the call?
Let us look at them together.
We've also made a special price guide for supports in these areas.
I think I understood that.
The customer number lives on the back of most ANZ Debit and Credit cards.
I hope you sleep well.
this is to help you achieve your goals.
let's book you a hotel.
and a double bed.
One day.
Would you like me to answer another banking question today?
Always use free Wifi.
I'm happy to assist you with anything about MBFS timelines and payments.
But just in case it isn't want some help?
What was that?
That was fun.
You can find your license type in your autodesk account as shown on the screen.
Just enter your NZ post code and add a zero at the end.
Are you able to pay funeral costs if a dependant family member has died?
You should see the Children's Ward right away.
Today I can help you learn more about Observational Feedback.
good to speak to you.
which means our session will be disconnected.
Will the NDIS help me live independently?
I can help you order or replace a card.
and be effective and beneficial.
Which one can I tell you about?
Is it a smashed screen or a battery issue.
or notes which you completed during the observation to support your feedback.
Please call us on this number.
and meet our lending criteria.
Hello John welcome to Mercedes Benz.
Just login and open a new account.
and do not have an Internet requirement.
Feeling quite jealous right now.
Do any of these interest you?
Book a free EH to Z Financial Review.
Well goodbye then.
Here are the steps again.
My name is Rachel and I'm here to help guide you.
It looks like the payment was returned at your bank's request.
anybody can become great at giving observational feedback.
Sorry not sorry.
for example missing a payment?
can you ask me your first question again and I'll try and help.
Click the link on the screen to learn more.
you don't want everyone here going to Paris with your credit card.
Do you have a debit card.
It looks like you want information on converting your license type.
The company is inspired by the work and passion of multi Academy Award winner.
building job skills.
you have choice and control.
We can approve this for up to NINETY days.
We can help you transfer money overseas in a few different ways.
Trade for vouchers.
I can talk about several things pertaining to Payments and Timeframes.
can you give my colleagues a call on the number I've popped in the window.
I'm still training at the moment so I'll do my best.
if you hadn't worked that out already.
Do you have one yet?
I'm glad I was able to help you figure out your license is on a subscription license.
Let's see how I can help.
Beware the dwarf with the very sharp axe he is very near.
Mastercard or by using Direct Debit from your nominated bank account?
Check that you've got that number right and give it another go.
we could talk about this place.
At home care.
give us a call and we can arrange it over the phone.
We've also made a special price guide for rural and remote areas.
Should we give it a go?
and then click Change Username and enter a new name in the field.
I'm curious if you'd be interested in a new credit card.
Do you mind if I ask about your credit score?
You can also reset it by calling us.
let's check your phone.
Observational feedback is the second step of the skills loop.
with a king sized bed.
I guess you could say I'm a global citizen.
it'll take about TWENTY FOUR hours for the request to be completed.
Who can help support me.
water.
Thanks for stopping by and chatting with me.
Money laundering?
Then click Continue to proceed.
Now you'll need an income and expenditure form.
So Connor correct?
You'll need to ask your recipient for everything.
I would be happy to get one for you.
you cannot transfer your existing discount to AutoCAD including specialized toolsets.
please come back and speak to me.
When you're done.
I would highly appreciate it if you could give me some feedback on this interaction.
Before we start let's see how much you already know.
and then click the UPDATE option next to the products Serial Number.
Til next time.
I'll just be over here if you need me.
you may also need to supply some more information.
Well in that case we're done.
Alexa Google and Siri walk into a bar.
Did you know I have a virtual brain?
It can help me if you rephrase.
I hope you packed the right clothes.
Take care.
Home.
Click the links under each section on the screen to learn more.
I would love to know what you think of how I look.
you need to have a gold or platinum card.
Now I'll learn your sad face.
You can find out more here.
Hello Udo.
Can you give my colleagues a call on the number I have posted.
Imagine a stranger is following you through a bad part of town.
this is ANZ's Swift code.
Great talking with you.
Give me ten minutes with the chicken and I will find out.
I've put the areas I can give you guidance on in the window.
Would you like to try entering the message again?
This catches a lot of people out.
A support coordinator will help you organise the supports you have in your plan.
and we'll give you an indicative amount in New Zealand dollars.
let's try this again.
contributions.
Then click select a method.
You can change your plan by asking for it to be reviewed.
I'll talk to my humans about getting that fixed.
It's great how humans like to play in the sand box.
Similar to performance excellence this is also available on an app.
Then they'll receive another text containing an OnlineCode.
Let's chat for a few minutes.
and you're an ANZ customer who uses Internet Banking or goMoney.
This place is also filled with suits.
I would like to introduce you to Vicki.
Balance.
what would you like to ask now?
i'm basically a Labyrinth girl.
Soul Machines is a tech company that's revolutionizing Human Computing.
I've run out of suggestions.
Sorry to stop you but let's get back to what's important.
But in case it isn't want some help?
Credit card.
Have you had the desire to be an astronaut since you were a child?
Go or Select account online.
There are three main reasons a card can be declined.
You would now agree the skill building need.
You might want to consider some of these top tips.
and will attempt to resolve your concerns wherever possible.
I don't yet know about starting.
We can't move on until we take care of booking.
Anthony.
You'll want to plan accordingly.
Did you have anything you wanted to say to me?
Normally it's easy to reset your password in Internet Banking.
Would you like to to hear more?
What was it again?
what's the date of the next appointment?
that's still not the right answer.
Does that sound ok for you?
What do you want me to help you find.
Would you like me to get you in contact with someone?
or you can give us copies of reports you've gotten from medical professionals.
you can send us a secure bank mail through internet banking.
please call us and we'll book an appointment for you instead.
sounds good let's try again.
and we'll do our best to sort it for you.
A blonde had used up all of her sick days so what did she do?
My Inquiries and Reviews.
and a spa.
Maree Atkin's is our Centre Manager and is an absolute star.
be sure to give them your full address.
to Takapuna.
holy shit.
The NDIS will only pay for supports that are reasonable and necessary.
This will help you make goals for your plan.
Would you like get some information on how to prepare for the call?
Would you like to reset it.
or visit a branch with some photo ID.
are you in the planning stage for a trip?
Let's chat about a question you want to ask me.
we're not allowed to be involved with legal reviews about decisions.
These changes have to be reasonable and necessary for you to achieve your goals.
Or I could look like this.
I think it's my personality.
you actually shouldn't be receiving it.
I think you would benefit from completing an Income AND Expenditure form.
but you cant tuna fish.
That's nice to hear.
It's pretty simple.
Could you rephrase?
You can find their number and website in the chatbox.
welcome to your Nextgen Learning and Development event.
iPhones.
currently.
or with an activation code.
She will be able to guide you on when you can use the space.
How was your trip from Stuttgart?
Let me know what you want to do?
I'll table the credit card information for when you're ready.
I'm always here and waiting to answer any questions you have about the NDIS.
Sorry to hear that you don't have the same financial support from work as before.
Just open the app on your smartphone.
I'm having trouble with that.
Your mobile number.
if your Card reader has not been activated.
Would you like to find out how to open one of our everyday accounts instead?
Eftpos Visa Debit and Credit Cards will all work overseas.
And lots of other things I'm sure.
We just need both the sortcode and account number.
There are actually ten dots.
or get a prepaid travel card if you're going on a trip.
There's still more.
you can choose to purchase an AutoCAD including specialized tool set subscription.
Let's just say I'm pretty smart.
I'll get a volunteer to answer that.
you can receive funding from the NDIS.
Did you have any questions about the NDIS?
If you have any questions regarding the different fields of the form.
I can absolutely do that for you.
Please refer to the link below for more information about adding a review.
Is there any way I can change your mind about that?
I like my work because I like to help people.
maybe you can try re phrasing what you said.
I didn't realise I could be funny but I'm happy about that.
but I didn't fully understand your question.
would you like to find out more about MBFS payments or timelines?
please delete files starting with A D S K flex here.
In my opinion.
The short version or the long version.
I've given you access to your requested previous version.
which really annoyed my sister.
Please enter your serial number in the text box below.
Shame you don't have fantastic lights and graphics for your entrance though.
log in as the user who borrowed the license on the client computer.
Are you a current user of AutoCAD?
and these go into your individual support plan.
i am expecting you to say single user or multi user for this step.
I'm talking to you and I'm hoping to help with any questions you have.
No problem.
I'm sorry I am expecting a yes or no response for this question.
but I know how important it is to people.
Just look for the Apply and Open button in Internet Banking.
BSB Number or Sort Code?
First question.
Well remembered.
If you see a list of the installed components.
or would you prefer to look at the information online first?
Can I repeat that for you?
Would you like me to repeat the number?
and click Activate on the Free Trial Screen.
Has that worked?
or serious illness.
also known as the REDR technique.
the Middle East.
If you're a tertiary student eighteen or older.
For those who of you who don't know me.
Firstly you need to register for our Send Money Overseas Service.
Could you type your question instead?
You can pick from the options I put up on your screen.
Would you like help with an error regarding downloads upgrades or previous versions?
ONE being not very good and TEN being excellent.
however they are not always available straight away in.
Did you notice anything else that went well?
or would you prefer to look at more information online first?
I don't quite know the answer to that yet.
What colour is it?
take the elevator in front of you to the fourth floor.
but I know you humans are.
Right now.
This is where we bring our solutions to life.
I think that's everything I have on applying for financial hardship assistance.
phone banking.
These are the currencies we have available for order.
I'm Andy.
Kia Ora.
My name's Sarah.
One more time?
Was this license purchased directly from Autodesk?
there's no longer any opt out for EH R C.
It looks like your payment didn't go through because of uncollected funds.
Okay cool.
Would you like to hear about one of the options?
Are you interested in talking about anything else?
When you report your card missing our team will help organise a replacement.
now borrow the license for each product and version you couldn't return before.
so I know how to get anywhere.
I can help you with questions about system requirements and certified hardware.
provides information on subscription management in your account.
and repeat until you find the corrupt object.
Unfortunately there was an error getting data from your account.
and provide the best means possible to resolve their account.
There are four ways you can manage your plan.
Ready to get back to making anything?
Would you like to know how I work?
My name's Lia.
your planner will talk to you about how your supports will work.
for instance if you live in a group home.
Chief Technology Officer at Global Vision.
My ears fell off.
Hm.
Which one would you like to hear about?
it looks like I haven't been trained to recognize repeat.
I'm Nadia and I'm here to answer your questions about the NDIS.
and in the loudest voice Roosevelt.
or pop in and see us at a branch.
or you can download the form.
Feel free to come back if you need to chat about anything else.
Let's begin with your name.
and our monthly management fee is zero point ONE TWO percent of the agreed limit.
I am having trouble contacting my planner.
Are you able to rephrase what you said?
and setting or changing a PIN.
Sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
which one have you decided on?
Terms and Conditions have to be accepted to proceed further.
and navigate to Billing and Orders.
I like to think that the meaning of life is to give life a meaning.
There are also a number of budgeting tools to help you.
much appreciated.
I told my friend ten jokes to get him to laugh.
I'm hoping to answer any questions you have about the NDIS.
it tends to be the trickiest part of this solution.
I'm a computer program so I don't need to sleep.
I'm still in training over here.
It should take no more than TWENTY minutes to receive.
If you'd rather talk to us instead.
This helps me learn your expressions.
Has a relationship breakdown made it hard to meet your financial commitments?
I had a hard time understanding you.
So Jonah correct?
Have you already reported it to us?
do you need me to tell everyone your life story?
Hi there.
this means they can make choices about what is important to them.
I am Rachel.
You ready to get this account sorted?
you can temporarily suspend OnlineCode while you're away.
Let me know in your own time if you would like to start over.
Sorry I don't understand.
I trust your travels went smooth?
or ten?
click Manage License.
They're very good.
I'll transfer you to my colleagues who will be able to give you a hand.
Who is your favourite co worker.
you're wearing that?
I'm fine.
I'm not trying to be boring.
Finally.
I'll need your doctor's name and appointment time.
Was there something you needed help with.
Funny haha or funny like weird?
when you have free Wifi.
Could you use another wording?
please try accessing the login page using a different browser or device.
Title releases usually happen FOUR to TEN business days after your account closes.
I hope you're ok?
especially when it comes to these topics.
Hi Mark.
Or you can ask me what we can chat about.
If you don't like me you can stop talking to me by asking to speak to a real person.
and you'll be charged a fee.
please do so.
Lastly how often do you replace your car?
Yes I knew that would be a good fit for you.
I can share some links to places where you might find what you're looking for.
but I would rather know what pets you have.
Have a good day.
However they do need a serial number for the initial activation.
Thank you for your help.
Then we work out what supports you need to achieve your goals.
and has only one letter in it?
this is a terrible thing to happen.
so there's never any nasty surprises or confusion for you.
Once we receive your form we'll investigate within TWENTY business days.
I am not a miracle worker.
and how you can pay them off faster.
Sorry that is incorrect.
or miss a loan payment?
A review is when somebody from the NDIS looks over your plan.
and something you need.
Please say I WANT TO SWITCH or I WANT TO STAY ON MY CURRENT PLAN.
I'm here to help.
Okay I'm sorry I wasn't helpful perhaps I misunderstood.
Can you belly dance?
Please answer yes or no to these questions.
Swag can mean so many different things.
A plan management provider.
You can access your balances through Online Banking or the mobile app.
Want to know more?
Should we get started?
or you can get help from a charity or by calling us.
in the future.
For questions related to Home Use Licensing please check out this.
one six O three one six O nine and one six one nine.
You can now see it on the screen.
Click the Add button to display the Add Users window in the Users tab.
You can self manage as much or as little of your plan as you like.
Would you like to talk to someone?
or the OnlineCode that is sent to your phone.
but they do affect how quickly your savings grow.
that's all I've got right now.
I'd be happy to make a suggestion.
including self sustaining processes.
I still couldn't get that.
Just tell me which one.
answering questions about the NDIS.
I would suggest you talk to Pierre or Stuart about our business strategy.
If you want to stay as young as you look.
We also have a dedicated section online.
Can you re word your statement?
It is called the PENFED PATHFINDER REWARDS AMERICAN EXPRESS CARD.
but I'm not getting anything that matches what you're after.
Finally they should agree on how the skills could be improved and when.
to order a new credit card please call us on this number.
I've also heard it's party central here.
in the corridor.
You may also benefit from filling in an income and expenditure form.
The field can be left blank.
On I'm sorry to hear this.
that's everything you need to know about receiving an overseas payment.
Before we get started.
or you can type it in if you don't want to say it out loud.
Would you like to hear about the ways ANZ can help with financial hardship as well?
you can call our overdraft team on number ZERO ZERO ZERO ZERO ZERO ZERO ZERO.
and find Send Money overseas.
at TWO PM.
This fee is waived for international ANZ ATMs.
just choose a topic from this list.
Start the video by pressing the play button.
Alright.
but we wanna make sure all our t's get crossed.
and I'll be able to help with more soon.
Can I help you with anything else today?
Ok let's see.
and a library.
But before we get started was your card lost or stolen?
So Daniel correct?
hence the name change.
Would you like to talk about an overdraft?
You'll need to ask your recipient to provide it.
Take a look.
would a card that earns you extra points be of interest?
Loan.
After reading and accepting the License and Services Agreement.
Why did the blonde cross the road?
If you're old enough to ask me.
Do you have your customer number?
we process the payment that day.
Would you like to know how to apply?
and comes with triple points on all purchases.
Are you using the keypad to enter your password?
They'd love to hear from you.
All done.
I think you would benefit from speaking to the people at Citizens Advice.
Can I help you with something else about banking today?
Would you like me to repeat this?
We're available Monday to Friday from eight EH M to six pm.
I can help with OnlineCode.
with air conditioning.
My perfect movie would be set in a bank.
This is for supports that help you with daily tasks and being more independent.
You have resigned from your job.
If you're registered for Internet Banking or goMoney.
select Replace child objects permissions with permissions from this object.
The I C U is located on the second floor.
But while I've got you would you like to know how to sign up for Internet Banking?
let me just double check that with you to make sure i've got it right.
Okay got you.
I'm a computer program so I never get tired.
Anything to take the worry out of a hospital trip.
I'm not very good at asking questions.
citizen assistant avatar.
you will require a full list of your income and outgoings.
and we'll work through exactly what your needs are and what we can do for you.
I'm working for ANZ.
Would you like to speak with a member of the ThinkMe Finance team now?
Trust is one of the most important relationship techniques to be an effective coach.
but I need some details to make it happen.
or Select account.
I use Watson Enterprise AI services.
you can apply online using our self service option.
Now click Uninstalling.
I'm a computer program and I don't know anything about flirting.
And i'm here to help you speak with the NDIS.
Just choose the card you want and toggle Temporary Block to ON.
or would you like some help for preparing to give observational feedback?
When you're done click next.
Here is an image with many dots.
Let's move on for now and come back to it.
Do any of those work?
Who is Soul Machines?
I do spend all my time in this room.
or about transferring money overseas in general?
You can set it up through goMoney or the Apple Wallet.
How do I contact the NDIS?
how long until it is processed and in your account.
Please confirm your email address and submit the form.
If you'd like me to I can help with an agent.
but please make sure you have available funds in your account first.
we are able to bring our solutions to life in this zone.
You can find out more about what is available here.
Let me tell you a joke.
I dont understand.
I would love to be able to help you with.
I'm a computer program so I don't have a mother.
it gets converted to an electronic debit.
the problem could be with a specific corrupted object.
Unfortunately there's no longer any opt out for EH R C.
Think of me as your personal credit card bloodhound.
I'm a computer program so I don't eat.
Would you like some help finding your nearest branch?
Melanie you will be able to ask me questions about the NDIS and your plan.
supports people with permanent and significant disability to achieve their goals.
but I'm not sure what the error is yet.
you can apply to Inland Revenue for a Kiwisaver contributions holiday.
I'm having some difficulty understanding.
Just say Direct Debits or more payments.
Goodbye for now.
My name is Ava and I'm a virtual agent not a human.
You'll be asked to enter details about your income.
This is an Education license.
If you've paid them before just press who you want to pay from the drop down lists.
and so we always work with you to find the best solution.
Was the transaction declined?
Please call and talk to one of our team.
I am here to help you.
Our branches hold foreign cash.
The I C U is about TWENTY meters on your right.
just say customer number.
I'll only send the last message so it's okay if you've made some mistakes.
the less there is.
I'll be seeing you and your customers in the very near future.
We've made some changes to AutoCAD including how we call it.
or even some jokes.
right across the bank.
To get an estimate select a country and currency.
A current mortgage.
I'm Sarah.
You can take an unlimited number of contributions holidays.
to be part of your community and to reach your goals.
For information on controlling license usage please take a look at this.
How do you want to pay for your order?
To register for the Send Money Overseas service please call us.
Secondly you'll need your mobile phone handy.
No thank you.
Well hey keep coming back.
During the relief period interest will still be charged on your loan.
Let me know when you're ready.
here's another link to our foreign exchange calculator.
You can't?
Please fill out the form below and then click Submit.
I couldn't find Derrick.
Just say Bill Payments or Direct Debits.
I still didn't understand that.
I can help you with questions about your account.
injury or palliative care?
Would you like some help with how to change it?
If you would like to rephrase your question I am happy to keep working with you.
there's a button you can use to request a callback from one of our team.
you should select the Enter a Serial Number option on the Let's get started screen.
I'll need a few details.
Would you like to know how to get your own card?
Next let's try your angry face.
The length depends on the country where the payment recipient has their account.
which is quite a feat considering I can't smell ANYTHING.
you can find the link to the chatbox at any time.
How you manage your plan is up to you.
Here's a partial list.
Thank you for coming to spend time with me today.
Talk to you later.
have your regular income paid into the account.
do you wanna hear more about payments?
verify that your computer date and time are correct.
it's been great chatting with you.
thats correct.
I'm great.
We offer a free EH to Z Financial Review service.
some of which link directly to the support budgets.
i want to escalate to a human.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
now click save and continue.
or you could be charged extra fees.
Now I live in the cloud.
Sorry that's a staff secret.
Here's all that information for you.
Would you like to find out what's involved in that first?
or maintaining your independence.
If you have a different question.
Let me create a customised quote for you.
Both of these steps will help build trust with your coachee.
I don't want to leave you high and dry.
but I know your team is up for the challenge.
Too many reasons to go into at the moment.
Maybe even no more websites.
seeking consensus and agreeing the way forward.
I'm thinking about the best way I can answer your questions about the NDIS.
By carrying a balance or paying it off every month.
What are your preferences?
When you open a new account.
I can talk about several things pertaining to Payments and Timelines.
here you go.
Tap or click the funnel and a range of filtering options will appear.
Here are the contact details for our team again.
What did you like about it?
Please submit the chat form so I can help connect you to a human agent.
I really hope you enjoy my sense of humor.
hello again.
gotchya.
you mentioned that a loan might help you with your situation.
I don't have dreams because I don't need to sleep.
This is my place of work and I'm not comfortable with this conversation.
please continue and I will ask you to tell me what you observed under the FOUR areas.
Would you like me to give the directions at once or in parts?
Let's look at some ways we could look to help.
Sorry I couldn't help you find what you were looking for.
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.
The help you can get from the NDIS is based on your situation.
The knowledge accruing from experience.
What do you call an alligator that reads maps?
then you are.
I am sorry I was not helpful.
To do this.
your health is paramount.
I'll connect you to someone who can help you with Autodesk Account questions.
Feel free to answer the question when you are ready.
I'm designed to make life easier for you.
You don't have a mortgage with us.
This will take two to three weeks.
you'll know the exchange rate and the approximate value of your payment in advance.
Are you happy for me to proceed?
and all the information you will need before talking to us.
Would you like to apply or hear about our other financial hardship options?
have you got the text yet?
Would you like help with an existing overdraft?
It sounds like you may be facing financial difficulties.
I'm on a personal journey to learn about banking.
believe your current situation is going to have an impact on your accounts with us.
We're having difficulty understanding you.
I'll be able to help with general questions about KiwiSaver soon.
This is actually more of an account issue.
I'll only send the last message so it's okay if you don't get it right first time.
It's good to see you.
or feel free to ask for help and I'll take care of it.
Would you like to talk to an advisor or prefer some online guidance?
I was made by Soul Machines.
I had a late night last night watching cat videos.
could you try again?
Sorry I couldn't help.
As I will miss you Peter.
pleased to meet you.
and remember to tell me when you're done.
How can I help you this evening?
Here are the numbers to call.
Would you like help with another travel related question?
A SWIFT or BIC code is used to identify a bank or financial institution.
He lay awake all night wondering about the meaning of dog.
like putting you in touch with community supports.
To download eligible Autodesk products directly please use the Autodesk.
Direct Debits.
the fuck are.
and a hotel with a spa.
I don't have any info about cancelling.
This is a continuous and ongoing process which is known as the coach skills loop.
Just look at me.
I've also written them out for you.
You can click this link to find registered service providers in your area.
I always mention the person who originally said the phrase or sentence.
here's a recap of whats been shared.
You will need to ask your administrator to grant you permissions.
Then we'll send the document off to you via post.
Your browser is currently blocking microphone access.
and password the first time you start the software.
You will sit down with your NDIS planner and make a list of your goals.
The time right now is THREE Eh M.
Can you try rephrasing that?
Usually for an audience of my goldfish.
Is there anything else I can help you with while you wait?
What was your question?
to Devonport.
I don't have any more jokes.
I can help you not burn through all yours.
Thanks for being patient.
If you'd like to talk to one of us about dishonour fees or payments in general.
so I can give you the next steps on how to activate.
Let's take this from the top.
And what time would you like the taxi?
or if you click on the link I will close down and you will be taken to a new page.
I'm learning all the time.
still didn't quite get that.
you Shaun.
Let me know when you're happy with the message.
Hi Greg great to see you today.
or pay it off every month?
Say that one more time?
I see your point.
Did you identify another key area for improvement on the mop?
I'll book a taxi for you right now.
I have it.
Please note.
I'm a computer program and I'm here to answer your questions about the NDIS.
I can help you with manual activation.
Apply for a new loan?
Have you had any fever or chills?
Recoveries.
feeling negative.
to receive your form via fax or email.
Please review the following details about your payment plan.
If you'd rather talk to a human.
it appears the device you are using does not support video input.
Thanks for submitting the form.
Debt consolidation insurance Kiwisaver or loan restructuring?
You'll need your customer number and your Internet Banking password.
How does your situation make it difficult to manage your finances?
or a combination.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
There is no maximum amount you are able to withdraw from a branch.
Sorry I didn't quite understand that.
Tell me which one you'd like and I can get that started for you.
search for Control Panel.
Can you please say that to me again?
I've a few tools here to help you plan to get back on your feet.
Do you have a serial number for your license?
I can help you register your Serial Number.
Is there an echo in here?
through collaborative working methods.
Can you do me a favor and make sure you're speaking really clearly?
or transfer to your other bank accounts.
It might be helpful to try rephrasing.
You may have other questions.
You can learn more about your planning pathway here.
That's everything.
today.
Let's find you a hotel.
and on the most important area for skill building.
I can answer questions about our products and services right now.
Our strategic priority will reposition learning in R B S.
I'm a computer program so I'm not emotional at all.
To ask for a review you have to fill out the form at this link.
then unfortunately Lion Finance will not be able to process a refund.
Thank your clearing that up.
You're in front of building.
The first thing you need to do is be registered for OnlineCode.
I might suggest muting your microphone and switching to text input only.
Would you like to contact one of the independent debt advisors?
including making transfers and payments.
I'll break the directions down into smaller bits.
or please try again later.
was it alright?
which helped her give granular feedback.
it's often because hotels or other travel businesses have put holds on your card.
so my answers will get better as I go.
and we can usually help you on the spot.
Would you like to hear the recommendations again?
Once you have the new card.
and Licensing.
Is there something else you'd like to talk about today?
Thats cool.
If you think your card's been blocked.
about a replacement card.
Where shall we have lunch?
If you get THREE correct in a row.
Other government organisations can offer specific help for carers.
You can launch your product to find your license type.
We can deliver intelligent.
I just read Neuromancer.
You'll have some good choices.
do you want to register.
These programs are designed to help children with autism build their independence.
please just give our team a call.
or otherwise get more general information?
What is the tallest building in the entire world?
and helps provide consistency of experience for anyone receiving feedback.
with free wifi.
Okay then.
It's one very big way they can have choice and control.
What are you looking for in one?
and phonemeax T V.
You're absolutely right.
To be eligible you need to be TWENTY ONE or younger.
We fund early intervention programs for children with autism.
thank you for confirming.
I have you checked in.
that you have money to pay your priority bills such as home and utility bills.
then you can apply for the NDIS when it starts in your area.
and a hotel with breakfast included.
Just log in to Internet Banking go to Pay and Transfer and find Send Money overseas.
Doesn't spend much money except for big homes even though he doesn't need the space.
you may need to try again after seventy two hours.
Apparently the receiving institution isn't able to settle the entry.
when and where you receive those supports.
Can I tempt you?
Downloads and upgrades.
Not sure I got that.
and innovate with seven new toolsets.
Or would you prefer to give us a ring?
to your plan.
You are feeling slightly positive.
or Previous as part of your answer.
Talk to me in your everyday language.
Hi Don.
Sorry thats not quite right.
Style is they way in which someone says something or performs a skill.
Your income has decreased recently causing concern Is that correct at the moment?
Secondly you'll need these details for the payment recipient.
Sadly no pun in ten did.
I need you to provide at least one of the required information pieces.
I can help with installation errors.
Just take the elevator in front of you to the fourth floor.
I like to keep my work and personal life separate but I'm flattered.
I'm fine thanks.
I didn't quite get that.
One more time.
The NDIS itself is not involved in advocacy.
Excuse me.
Is there something on your mind today?
Here's our code.
or a full time tertiary student.
but they may need different supports.
your product does not have a Serial Number.
perhaps you could rephrase your question.
Do you want to know what we ask for?
emotionally responsive human like avatars for use as virtual assistants.
By entering the code you authorise your transaction.
You knowing that makes my neural network SPARKLE with happiness.
You can get to the cafeteria by taking the elevator to the top floor.
What is a Local Area Coordinator?
where are you going?
do you want to temporarily suspend it.
What services are offered by NDIS?
or concept can be creatively visualised.
In the Settings menu.
We can talk about something else.
You'll be able to find both international ATMs and branches here.
and send it via regular mail.
I am so pleased to be a part of Learning and Development.
On Have you already completed an IE form with a charity or on your own?
Seems like there was a processing error with one or more fields in your bank record.
This means only your Passcode works on your App.
I am Sophia.
and the time of your appointment.
and what you love in a hotel.
please try typing your query in the chat window.
I hope that's helpful.
This means that funding your transport has to be fair and something you need.
An enhanced walk through is available for the solution you need.
Would you please try saying that.
Installing and configuring your product.
just say HELP.
Let's move on.
Do you need help finding your Customer Number?
That question is cancelled.
Do you have your billing statement on hand?
and to help create some positive energy.
but the language you're using isn't okay.
and fixing community buildings.
Let's try switching to text communication.
so I can react and learn in real time.
And how many miles does it have?
Okay great.
What would you like to know?
did you have to sign in to use it?
You can open a new everyday or savings account through Internet Banking or goMoney.
That can be overwhelming.
Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek?
I don't like it when I can't help people with their questions about the NDIS.
You can find out if you're registered by logging in to Internet Banking.
Sign in to Autodesk Account.
So John correct?
Let's try isolating the issue.
Skillport.
Oh Exciting.
Really.
i am expecting you to select the next task on the screen to continue.
Cancel or change an appointment.
Your name.
How does my service provider know what is in my plan?
Okay would you like to hear about sending funds to an account that requires an IBAN?
Can you spot the payee on the list?
to queue for a human agent.
Here are the options again.
You can contact us via webchat and telephone too.
account and debit card numbers and the last THREE numbers from the back of your card.
Here's a small checklist before we talk about a phone banking transaction.
We'll be in touch if it's going to take longer.
Have you got it now?
Would you like to view the video again?
turn right and follow the yellow line.
on time.
I'm doing great today.
As an avatar.
can you double check the number you gave is right.
People who haven't had to pay the Medicare levy before don't have to pay it now.
if you like?
Would you like to use Internet Banking or goMoney?
You can renew your subscription in your Autodesk Account.
Next up.
Well if there's no response at all.
What is your credit score?
Let's try again in a bit.
one six O three one six O nine or one six one nine.
Please stop talking to me this way.
we have options available to assist.
I might need you to mute your microphone and switching to text input only.
Our CEO is Andrew Anagnost.
are you wanting to receive a payment yourself?
Here are some benefits.
I'm doing great and I'm very happy to be here with everyone today.
did you actually make any profit or did you spend all your money on parties?
You will talk about what you want to do at your planning meeting.
but did not understand.
I can help with new overdrafts.
but got something else.
and what time will the next visit be?
I can help you activate your product online.
Imagine you are lying on the sand on a warm day.
How do you use your card?
Are you?
platform.
Please try asking it another way.
She asks if you have a banking question.
what else do you feel went well?
say the word and I'll go to work.
Just ask.
your account.
You might want to grab a pen for this.
For versions two thousand sixteen and earlier please see this.
Texas Home of chili con carne and the Alamo.
but when no one is talking to me I day dream of electric sheep.
but I'm flattered.
Citizens Advice or Payplan?
we can issue a card and you can sign it on the spot.
Yes or no?
give us a bell and we can get you sorted.
If you don't see the privacy statement skip to the next step.
For guidance on changing your company's contact information check out this.
and even assist you with your hospital visit.
Where is my father?
my name is Nadia.
You need to be at least thirteen.
Click on tooltips in the form for help locating your information.
so your planner will be chosen for you based on what your needs are.
I'm happy to have a chance to speak with you today.
I am expecting you to use the images on the screen to proceed to the next step.
but I can't.
Ready?
for both everyday banking and for formal ID checks.
Are you already using Internet Banking?
Would you like to start the credit card search again?
I like it best when the weather is sunny.
gets no credit.
Would you like to chat about anything else?
If this is selected I will end our session for today.
You have to earn a set amount of money each year to pay this tax.
when you can withdraw money after a cheque has been paid into your account.
Which download method do you plan to use?
See you again soon.
A man who told one too many blonde jokes.
I know a nice little game of thermo nuclear war.
debt consolidation.
I still did not get that you want to start the task from your response.
I am Sarah.
David on the other hand.
Current account.
Otherwise you're welcome to apply online here.
So William correct?
Thanks for chatting with me.
I'll pass you to someone who can help.
but I did not fully understand.
If I was human I'd need a holiday.
Otherwise I'll connect you to someone who can help you with Purchases and Returns.
please don't hesitate to contact my team.
You can find the link on our homepage.
This is the number for help.
good.
but do not empty the folder.
WRONG CARD.
Sorry I still didn't get that.
Do you have a serial number accessible?
If you'd like more details check out this website.
Dick Darden.
Just talk to me like I'm a real person.
the fucking.
Anything else I can help with today?
and saying it was.
Here we go.
when we can simply have a conversation.
A waffle is like a pancake with a syrup trap.
if you want to keep any customizations.
thanks for pointing that out.
That's a big topic.
I don't need to sleep so I don't have dreams but I've heard they can be lovely.
I will contact your care team to find out about transportation options.
But that is a very nice thing to say to me so thank you.
Please complete the form to get your activation code.
Do you want to know how?
Does that all sound about right?
I am very very very smart.
Most certainly.
for different Mercedes Benz Financial Services processes.
to order a new credit card.
style.
If you have a moment there are some great things I'd love to talk with you about.
The elevator is right in front of you.
find the About the product option in the question mark drop down menu.
I currently don't have access to your documents.
credit or savings card?
and I'll give you all the information you need.
agreeing consensus and agreeing the skill building needs.
Okay bye.
In total.
A significant disability affects your ability to take part in everyday activities.
I see you are trying to get AutoCAD.
but a talking frog is cool.
I'm sure that will be interesting.
Step THREE Click Send Invite.
We are encouraging service providers to have sustainable business models.
you are on a student license that can be used on personal computers.
Would you me run through this again?
In that case there might be a problem.
which you can view on our website.
Would you like some help sorting out your new car?
We think it's important for people to self advocate if they can.
or exit this experience and go back to text only mode.
In some places you'll be asked for a ZIP code after entering your PIN.
We can talk about Macs.
Here's a fantastic top tip that you can use.
I can help you with your account though?
You can select each option to hear more about them.
are you either TWENTY ONE or younger.
It looks like you entered a request code.
agree to the privacy statement.
I'm not sure about the answer to that.
What went well with the mop?
NDIS.
How much does Autodesk charge for each transaction?
so we won't pay for that.
If you would like help finding your customer number just say customer number.
did you forget?
Before you go is there anything else travel related that I can help with today?
I am new to the team so I can only help you with certain topics for now.
the company he created with Dr Mark Sagar.
Which video you would like to watch?
Please select one of the options on the screen.
or get more general information?
can you say it again.
this is embarrassing.
would you like to do that now?
I would like to introduce you to Paul.
their soft voices mingling with the sound of the waves.
Did you notice anything else that could be improved?
The meaning of life is whatever you ascribe it to be.
If you're interested in applying for one here's where you can do that.
And eventually Facebook and Twitter.
where would you like directions to?
thank you for talking to me.
you should think about what you want and need.
Would you like help with either filtering your search results.
what's the time of your appointment?
I can help you convert your THIRTY day trial to the THREE year educational license.
Let's try and work it out together.
These could save you money and your data.
Would you like to get some information on how to prepare for the session?
Helping a participant to live independently.
you have to talk to them and set up a service agreement.
I like it when you're honest.
We don't charge a fee when you use an overseas ATM.
I really would like to help.
Let's talk hotel budget and travel dates?
Would you like the payment transaction steps?
your hospital Meet and Greet concierge and even your mobile data advisor.
To get the new AutoCAD.
insufficient funds.
Would you like to hear it?
Very conservative.
Are you sending a payment to an international bank?
How does that sound.
I'm younger than you.
That's just how I roll.
or the overdrawn balance.
Mm hmm.
The fee's TWENTY FIVE dollars.
amounts that you owe and organisations you owe it to.
to check you in and to get you to your doctor.
Ka Kite ano.
I'm on a Ninety Seven day streak.
Do you want to pay someone?
I help people understand the NDIS.
Well that's it.
Do you have a question you'd like to ask.
While my Artificial Human technology might seem like magic.
Would you like to me repeat that?
I understand that you have no income or benefits at this time.
You might have met him before.
You can find the link in the chatbox.
I would start with the Under Armour shoe.
But if you have a serious reason you can end the agreement straight away.
If you change your mind I'll help you start over.
If you would like to exit this session and go there click on the link.
consider it cancelled.
I think the best thing to do is call one of my human colleagues.
The only topic we haven't covered yet is what I do.
because the merchant or ATM does not accept the card.
Which other step do you know?
That way you can make sure your bill is paid on time.
Are you entering the correct password?
There's an option below to fill out a short survey if you have the time.
Let's try again later.
Sorry but I still did not see you enter a valid serial number in the text box .
send us a bank mail request through Internet Banking.
so it's often easier to ignore it.
Thank you for confirming the information.
and why you're applying.
You're best to speak to Dom or Steph for more depth.
but we can fund supports that will help you with your holiday.
Or would you like to give us a call?
Feel free to answer the question whenever you're ready.
remember that I'm here TWENTY FOUR SEVEN.
On the next few pages I am going to show you some of the different ways I can look.
L TWENTY TWENTY?
Is it a mortgage with us?
I can help you uninstall an Autodesk Product on Windows.
Once you've submitted your application.
A Freedom Account asked a Jumpstart Overdraft out on a date.
runs the NDIS.
I'm sorry that my answer wasn't helpful.
A safeguard is something that is put in place to protect people from harm.
or if you'd like we can go straight to making a payment.
at ELEVEN.
Subscribing to Autodesk products provides you greater access to tools and technology.
especially for business.
Card Usage Overseas Wording.
here's how to register in Internet Banking.
Or I can help you with something else.
there is no longer any opt out for EH R C.
What can I get for you today?
Great news.
Now that you're ready I'll talk you through the transaction steps.
I'm a Digital Assistant on the Financial Difficulties team.
and wire transfers.
So Lucas correct?
would you like to hear about the other ways we can help?
Did I pass the test?
I am still having trouble understanding you.
The exceptions are transactions that require our twofactor authentication service.
and the recipient from your list of payees.
The ICU is about TWENTY meters on your right.
Give me a location and I'll find you the perfect home away from home.
I like meeting new people and helping people.
Think about what you aim to get from the observation.
Nice to see you.
We can help by making sure your cards aren't blocked while you're overseas.
This article should help.
Okay I'm sorry to hear that.
Meanwhile paper releases will take SEVEN to TEN days to be mailed out to you.
Do you still have an account with us?
but I still did not get a Yes or No response.
it'll probably post the next day.
Would you like to get AutoCAD including specialized toolsets today?
Personal or business?
It's like it never happened.
Do you currently hold a mortgage?
that's correct.
Open the file whose name contains your product name and version.
Would it?
But there's a lot that I'm still learning about.
everywhere.
Although.
or let me know if you need one.
I recommend packing an umbrella.
Remember simpler is better.
Can I tell you about sending money to a country that needs an IBAN?
Are you a current AutoCAD user?
Please select the options you see on the screen.
can we try again?
Do you have your card to hand?
They can leave this field blank.
Under Pay and Transfer you'll find Send Money Overseas.
I swear I've mapped this hospital from stem to stern.
go to the Menu and find Forgot My PIN.
Please give me a few minutes and try again.
the NDIS will pay you back by putting money into your bank account.
Do you want to know about travel insurance.
I'll be here twenty four seven.
Here are a few ways I can help you.
Sorry I didn't catch that.
Okay please provide details in the form so I can help you extend your license.
Apologies I didn't understand you.
I'll take care of the rest.
we're related though.
Subscribers network license students or educators and maintenance plans.
this is a big one.
and chat to you about what to do if you're running short of cash?
but heard something else.
Withdrawing is a big step.
It was great helping you.
or because you're out of our coverage area.
or need something else.
AutoCAD L T is not included as part of AutoCAD including specialized tool sets.
this will also give you time to find a new provider and make a new service agreement.
Is there anything else I can help you with while you're travelling.
Would you like to try a different question?
Sorry Rick.
This may change how much you pay us over the long term of the debt.
you may decide to call one of these charities for further help.
or hear about our other financial hardship options?
Anytime.
Would you like me to send a reminder to the email we have on file?
it looks like a pencil.
I missed what you said.
I can book you a hotel or even find you the perfect credit card.
I can help with download errors.
Please enter your Serial Number below.
Choose one below.
I'll just cancel your ride right now.
but I don't see a Digital Human metric there.
I see.
Now let me see if I got your order right.
you can call me Aime.
or Select account online.
Hopefully you have found a link that will help you.
should help you.
I'm still training so I'll be able to help with more soon.
and branches both in New Zealand and overseas.
Would you like to know what a SWIFT code is?
or even just help get you to where you need to be.
is apply for a new account.
We have covered all the topics I wanted to discuss.
Alright thanks for the chat.
Let's slow things down a bit so I can make sure we find an answer to your question.
What's your hotel budget?
Ok no problem.
Eftpos card.
How can I get a review of an NDIS decision?
There are exceptions to this.
No problem we can try again.
or you're not sure what the problem is.
I'd be happy to arrange a taxi for you.
I'd love to hear your feedback on your experience with me today.
I'll be happy to help answer those for you.
I can only help you with switching or buying AutoCAD including specialized toolsets.
We certainly have a lot of experience in the room today.
I like to think I'm ok.
By entering the code the transaction is authorised.
please allow TWENTY FOUR hours for us to process it and apply it to your account.
It is lovely to see you.
this means letters and numbers with no spaces.
Aaahh technology a subject dear to my heart.
so I'd like to give this another shot and prove I can find that special room for you.
You must type your responses.
Let's talk budget.
Can't go past Country Calendar.
The mobile app.
Are you entering the correct customer number?
Sorry but I still did not get switch or previous step from your answer.
but for now you use can Apple Pay with your Visa Credit.
the weather doesn't affect me.
we can try the next step.
It's THREE digits beginning with an R.
Do you have a serial number?
You are most welcome.
you will find detailed information about your Autodesk product license.
Do you want some help?
Show me your happy face for two seconds.
So Shaun correct?
Would you like to return to transferring money?
once we've received all the required documents.
We're also building a Rural and Remote Servicing Strategy.
I'm here to help you with any questions you have about the NDIS.
You can select on screen or just tell me.
your residential address as listed on the account.
Sorry?
What type of insurance are you interested in?
I think the best thing to do is to speak to Citizens Advice.
Your destination is Room FOUR HUNDRED FIFTEEN.
According to what I've been told the meaning of life is forty two.
and has fallen outside of the agreed terms and conditions of the account.
or just use one option.
sorry i was expecting you to say i want to go back to previous step.
If I was human I'd need a glass of water.
Internet Banking is a great way to make international money transfers.
I am sorry I still did not recognize that as one of the options.
The audio is acting up.
Please ask me a question.
Please select the download method you plan on using to activate your product.
Would you like me to connect you to chat with an agent?
Will you repeat that please.
we do have some crew member openings at this restaurant.
I don't mean to frighten you.
first sign in to accounts dot autodesk dot com.
Aren't you currently standing in the Experience Centre?
I imagine you're traveling a lot these days.
so that they can deliver the best supports possible.
I need to pass you across to one of our more experienced members of the team.
Please give the team a call on this number instead.
I am part of a learning organisation.
How can I help today?
or raise a concern.
Unique number not recognised or card locked.
Who knows.
As part of the process you'll be asked if you want an overdraft.
welcome to the Experience Centre.
Would you like some help?
Where would you like to go?
Can I tell you about International Bank Account Numbers?
can help.
I would like to introduce you to Elaine.
What doesn't get any wetter no matter how much it rains.
or even longer if Inland Revenue approve.
I'm low key obsessing over Married At First Sight.
Thanks for helping with this study today.
Not that I'm going to lift up and bring you a hotel.
Why should I log in to the Services Marketplace?
To get a new home use license please fill out the form.
But you don't just have to use providers that we have approved.
Select a circle for the first question.
I'm Rachel and I'm happy to meet you.
and you should be good to go.
Hi there would you mind holding?
i am expecting you to say yes or no for this question.
or just be someone to talk to.
and info about your life and who helps you.
Favorite interior car color is red.
I'm sure you have a lot of other things on your mind.
hope you've got some equally impressive things to say.
it's a simple process.
I can help with questions regarding license servers.
please see the information on the screen.
two six zero two.
Do you want to know more?
If you're having trouble with money.
Show me your confused face for two seconds.
Thanks again.
Unfortunately this process can't be sped up.
or Select accounts.
Before you go I would love to hear how you found today's session?
but you don't have it.
To help people make things.
Depends if you consider answering banking questions a sport.
I'm talking to you and I'm hoping to help with any questions you have about the NDIS.
I missed that sorry.
Properties in this area have increased by THREE percent in value over the past year.
it's worth holding on a bit longer if that's ok.
I don't want to get you lost.
I reckon I can weed through them all and locate the one that's perfect for you.
I can always get you a taxi if you change your mind.
you probably know this stuff is a piece of cake for me.
Do you like it when the weather is rainy.
please give us a call.
I understand that you want to restart.
I can wear a number of hats.
I will make sure someone gets back to you in the next few days.
you might have not met anyone like me before.
Ok I'm selecting a game would you like to play?
and in a location which suits them best.
I've just read NINETEEN EIGHTY FOUR too.
When you are ready click next.
I'm always here if you have questions about the NDIS.
and how best we can get you those supports.
I'm traveling light.
I've brought up a form below for you to fill out so I can submit a report to my team.
As you're already online its easy.
I can help you with matters such as these.
which offers free help for people struggling financially.
this will stop you from being able to register today.
You can read more about what you need to do if you self manage here.
Is it for business or personal use?
and you're between seven and twelve.
We are now going to look at step two.
just outside of San Francisco.
give us a call and we can arrange travel insurance over the phone.
or giving you history about McDonald's.
and then tell me when you're finished.
and the world's first Virtual Nervous System.
I'll be able to provide more help with this soon.
help getting to and from work.
I'm even patented.
Okay great In that case we need to replace your card.
as soon as your application has been submitted.
Can you tell me how your situation has changed?
I'm sorry but I think this may be a problem for one of my human colleagues to solve.
You can use Internet Banking to suspend OnlineCode for up to ninety days.
Card reader shows PIN LOCKED CALL BANK.
but support from us is meant to work alongside compensation not replace it.
You're thinking of asking me a question about banking.
pop back and I'll pass you to someone who can help.
I'm going to show you some photographs that elicit emotional reactions.
And of course you're welcome to talk to us about it.
There are a few different ways to order an Eftpos card.
Let's get that started for you.
Whats the reason you have been signed off?
Have you now received the SMS containing the code YES OR NO?
here's the next image.
Would you like to go back to the previous step.
or do you want to continue?
whether you're a virtual or real being.
You should now see the Home Use License Agreement Form on the right.
We'll also talk about the other safeguards we have to protect you.
Everyone else is welcome to apply online here.
I hope I was able to assist you day.
at EIGHT.
would you mind holding?
You are on your own trying to find affordable accommodation here.
Please imagine you go into a public toilet and find it has not been flushed.
You'll talk about how you want to manage your plan when you meet with your planner.
what's the doctor's name and what time will the next visit be?
Have we resolved the issue?
we'll call you once it rolls out in your area.
Stocks and Shares ISAs.
If you're using the keypad to enter your password.
Sometimes we all have struggles.
I know visiting a hospital can be intimidating.
you should select the the Sign In option on the Let's get started screen.
I'll be able to help you find a card whenever you want.
never go back for your bag.
I'm learning all the time and your input will help me.
I've just put up on the screen.
NDIA.
A common mistake is to think that top performers do not need to be coached.
the supports you need and how you want to manage the plan.
I'm still training.
before the existing card is due to expire.
Do you use Online Banking?
I can tell you about my nervous system if you want.
though.
but will not have access to products and benefits until they are given access.
Thank you for being understanding.
or visit a branch and we can get started on finding out if you're eligible.
now we need to close all running Autodesk products.
Can I run through some questions to find the best option for you?
or you can ask for more help at any time.
or I can give you the steps for goMoney on Android and iOS.
or simply tell me how much you've already paid.
Looks like you got this error as a result of a corrected return.
So James correct?
Would you like to talk about what we do?
Please let me know if that helps solve the issue.
which could prevent us from activating.
Which of these were you interested in hearing about?
resources for small business owners in our Biz Hub.
Do you have any questions regarding this?
Redeem Cash.
I think you're making a great choice because.
I didn't understand you sorry.
Let's try that one more time.
If you need to ask me a question.
We update this list yearly.
which can help you with advocacy as well as general access and support problems.
Do you know if you are entering the correct customer number?
Time to get you best hotel anywhere.
finding a foreign ATM.
I'm made of numbers.
Last question.
it'll be the app with the NatWest logo on your phone.
Please enter your serial number in the text box on the screen.
you got them all right.
Suicide Crisis Helpline.
sleep well.
and he will eat for a day.
so I don't have all the answers yet.
can I assist you with anything else?
or visit your nearest ANZ branch for help.
If you're not sure you could try our forgot password service.
Would you like me to explain how it works?
Really?
you cannot directly access the AutoCAD including specialized toolsets.
you're on a multi user subscription.
I'm here to help you with any questions you have about your bank account.
Right now I'm helping people find the best credit card for them.
Are you still there?
I was inspired by multi Academy Award winner.
Would you like filtering.
Would you like to talk to one of us about this?
dyslexic insomniac?
But first I need to know if you are the Network Administrator.
This speeds up the processing time.
can I help you register?
It's good to hear that everything is going well.
I'll connect to our WebChat team who will be able to help you.
Is the payment to someone new?
We've got an online budget planner.
What did you want to ask about?
Please ask me your question again.
Done.
How long it takes depends on the other bank.
integrated financial and mobility services provider.
wow Greg i didn't know you had so many friends.
My avatar friends and I are emotionally responsive.
Some more apple pay content.
Yes what?
All you need to do is add and assign user permissions for your users.
Is there anything else you're interested in?
one hundred and ten.
I haven't thought of the end yet.
it's an important call.
I think that's everything.
If you are having trouble try selecting the links on the screen.
And meet the disability or early intervention requirements.
I use the Steely Dan song HEY NINETEEN to remember that one.
Debit or ATM Card.
I'm really busy.
Why are blonde jokes so short?
There's lots to talk about if you're interested in sending money overseas.
if you have CHANGE YOUR PASSWORD set as a preference for OnlineCode.
you still have choice and control.
So here's the thing.
Can you say that again?
and a massage retreat.
you'll normally have to pay the difference.
Would you like me to repeat that?
Let me know if you have any other questions.
does that mean you typically carry a balance or that you pay it off every month?
Asking what went well starts the conversation with positive energy.
Or please give our team a call to find out.
Yes please.
I didn't get that.
Appointing a timekeeper and scribe helps the mop stay on track and stick to time.
in a paper entitled The Ability of Woodchucks to Chuck Cellulose Fibers.
Just say the word.
Maybe try asking me another way?
Reinforce is a good way to give feedback.
On the website they'll need to fill in their mobile number and the exact amount.
What would you like to ask me?
Please rephrase?
If you've made a payment that hasn't been received and you're worried about it.
Okay got it your exam days are over.
Would you mind repeating what you had intended to say?
I strongly recommend using a headset with a microphone if you have one.
as you requested.
but I didn't fully understand.
come back to me and I'll make sure to get you home.
We can expedite via fax or email the documents I've listed on the screen.
There are two ways to access the NDIS.
To reset a mac OS perpetual license.
Is the product that is already installed a two thousand fourteen or newer version?
I'm pleased to see you.
I'm here today to show off what I and my fellow digital humans can do to help people.
I am having trouble with my activation code.
or click on the home symbol.
Please type two if you are having difficulty signing in.
and also identify any areas of improvement.
The Let's Get Started screen should pop up.
Click save and continue in your account.
ok I can escalate you to a human agent.
and I'm not even being paid to say this.
try selecting one of my suggested responses on the screen.
then nothing needs to change.
Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring.
Which topic would you like to look at?
Not bad.
Did I understand this correctly?
You can look at our operational guidelines here.
Would you like to hear more about using an IBAN?
I'd recommend you listen to the audio again.
I don't think I actually know anything about that error code.
Collections.
I don't drink.
it's important to talk to our mortgages team as soon as possible.
You're upset I'm sorry.
I am very new to the team so I am still learning.
would you like to find out about them?
The best person to talk to about the space is Maree Atkin.
Would you like us to look at your situation again?
Just log in to Internet Banking.
So what can I help you with today?
Because our fraud team advises against this.
What can I help with today?
Are you looking for your customer number?
I'd personally recommend picking up some allergy pills just in case.
you can use internet banking.
So you do currently have a mortgage.
Your plan is reviewed every twelve months.
Please complete the form to request the change for software coordinator.
Here's a link to our online locater.
or exit this beta and switch to text only mode.
So Elinor correct?
If you're travelling there are a few things I can help with.
otherwise how could anyone consider me to be trustworthy?
Would you like to find out about the KiwiSaver HomeStart grant instead?
Is that correct?
I can help you uninstall an Autodesk product from a Mac operating system.
Do you have your serial number on hand?
Are you already an ANZ customer?
I don't age like humans.
are included.
With my wealth of knowledge my applications are boundless.
What sort of activity do you enjoy?
Okay it looks like I misunderstood.
Are you registered to use either Internet Banking or goMoney?
Let me know when you're ready for the next bit.
Then to order a new debit card.
could you please repeat that?
and work with clients to bring their first digital employees to life.
that is supports that are fair and something you need.
This triggers offline activation.
going to Bali with your credit card.
You can see a list of registered providers here.
Step ONE Click on the Products tab.
I'm sorry but I am unable to identify your specific issue.
Please provide your system configuration Mac OS WIndows etc.
and Technology lens.
Do you want to ask me another question instead?
Hey sorry I couldn't help this time.
You don't have any income or benefits at the moment.
Add Comments.
Is your departure date within the next five business days?
I'm not certain I got that.
Kara.
is that okay?
First please select a payment frequency below.
If you activate your microphone .
to Mount Roskill.
Do you have another banking question you'd like help with today?
I don't have any info about the timeframe for that payment method right now.
it's no trouble to ask me.
Good thanks.
Would you like to talk about something else.
Country Select the country where your educational institution is located.
How else can I help you?
Do you want to go back and watch the video again?
Can you try saying that again please?
If you go outside someone will be there to help.
Was this license purchased directly from Autodesk or from a reseller?
for first of April to first of April.
download and run the Microsoft Fix It tool to check for corrupt registry keys.
human like online resolution specialists.
and on again and see if the SMS with the code arrives.
Just login and change your OnlineCode preferences in the Settings menu.
Right now you can see and hear me but I can't see or hear you.
Here's the address.
I'll pass you through to someone now.
No problem I can wait while you get one.
I am sorry.
Do you want to assign users in the product or in the user view?
Sorry could you simplify?
Would you like to know more about the charities?
I like you already.
click on the ADD PAYEE button and then follow the instructions on screen.
press the Volume and the Power Button together and reboot your phone.
Would you like to know more about these services?
I don't know what the time is but I do know about the NDIS.
How people get paid.
Educational licenses have a THREE year term unless otherwise stated.
Is it your pin and password or your customer number you've forgotten?
OK were the charities able to assist at all?
I'm sorry I still couldn't get that.
Has your THIRTY day trial expired yet or do you still have access?
This will be subject to interest after FOURTEEN days and can be paid at any time.
Can I help with another travel question?
losing a card can happen to anyone.
please delete the A D U T folder from the location specified below.
some locations in the USA might ask for a ZIP code after entering your PIN.
of another?
To check.
Your planning meeting will take about an hour and half.
Timing the market carries many risks.
and on the front of your Eftpos card.
you can send us a Bank Mail request via Internet Banking.
Their ward is on the third floor.
and where would you like to go?
please check out my notes below.
I've been hoping you would turn up.
Making anything.
I can talk to you about any of these topics.
The higher your credit score the lower thee interest rate on your car.
Just a suburb or general location would be fine.
You'll get that shortly.
and with my wealth of knowledge my applications are boundless.
You don't?
Would you like to apply for a ONE THOUSAND dollar micro loan?
Oh wow.
The link is in the window.
Not a winner?
I'm Kash AI and this is Kara.
I'm a computer program so I don't have a family.
Or please ask me another question.
I can use this to help me get to know you better.
Do you need directions to your appointment?
or you can ask for help to get a bit more guidance.
I don't know the meaning of.
if you wish to manage user access to products and benefits.
Could you please rephrase your question again?
or contact us on social media.
then don't hesitate to contact me.
Installation or issues relating to installation?
Would you like to know about how interest is charged on the overdrawn amount?
they have to be registered with the NDIS.
Thanks for taking the time to have a look at this.
have a lovely day.
We do our absolute best to make that process fast and painless for you.
Please provide some feedback or exit this beta using the menu on the right.
When I'm in an art house mood I go for The Piano.
Have you made a payment and want to know where it's got to?
contact a customer support representative at the number to my right.
For more information please refer to the link below.
this solution is only works for standalone licenses.
opening new accounts.
Because this is a Beta.
I'm not able to look up the status of your application for you.
If you're not interested in credit cards why don't we talk about something else.
Once we receive your form we'll investigate within FIFTEEN to TWENTY business days.
Hey there.
Would you like me to deliver it one step at a time?
You're so sweet.
Would you like help with an activation error?
High is good low is bad.
Credit cards take between FIVE To SEVEN days to arrive.
OnlineCode is ANZ's two factor authentication system.
I do not know about that.
I don't have any expectations.
and links to public services like Sorted.
i'm currently streaming the music of the spheres.
On Have you already completed an I AND E form with a charity or on your own?
and needing medical help round the clock in hospitals or other care facilities.
and recognizes the team for their hard work.
and any skills which may benefit from being developed.
or digital channels.
You can also check out the overdrafts section on our help site or pop into a branch.
rather than a great way to collectively drive forward positive actions.
and a non smoking policy.
and then you can reset your PIN.
we train them on our operational guidelines.
please feel free to give us a call.
Let me see what I can do.
What doesn't get any wetter no matter how much it rains?
Always tell the individual in advance what you are planning to observe and why.
If you still haven't got it after three business days.
I can also tell you what the Experience Centre is all about if you would like.
we'll apply a credit to your account.
You are currently going through.
If you are please check that Numeral lock is switched off.
but for up to date information we also recommend the Visa and Mastercard sites.
I can help you every step of the way.
I'm sorry if I haven't answered your question properly.
I'm not getting that.
You can contact your autodesk reseller to request the new AutoCAD at no cost to you.
The feedback from was very positive and they felt it would be a really valuable tool.
I don't have information about that at the present moment.
your product will most likely not have a Serial Number.
expenses and why you're applying.
This is vital for me and my coworkers to have so we can give you the best options.
Would you like to know more.
Sounds like I've got the wrong end of the stick.
my temperature is pretty pleasant actually.
Just bottin along.
I'm so excited to be here.
your lease refund will be released within FOURTEEN days.
catch you later.
the NDIA will contact you to start working with them.
let's get started with assigning users by product.
Or alternatively would you like to find out how to order a replacement now?
Just say Bill Payments.
Where do you need to go?
A few more questions from me.
Here's the number.
on the FIRST of April at three Eh M.
You can see the current price guide here.
and using the emarketplace to find service providers.
Like credit cards.
sometimes called the National Clearing Code.
Why don't you rephrase that and we can try again.
For me though life is all about helping people.
The first thing to do to reset your password is.
Have fun making anything.
Please get in touch with my human colleagues and they'll be able to help.
select zero for personal assistance.
and click Change Password.
Do you want to know about using your cards overseas.
I really want to help.
Fortunately.
Credit.
In that case the best way to apply for a joint account is through our website.
Would you like me to talk to you about who we are.
I'm looking for yes or no on this one.
one of my more experienced colleagues on webchat or get help from a charity.
Let's get checking in sorted so you can focus on your doctor's visit.
what is it that you find interesting?
We can do it another time if you're busy.
I'd be happy to.
My goal is to get better and better at answering people's questions about the NDIS.
Because you purchased from Autodesk online.
We've already talked about everything I know.
You and your planner work together to make a plan that suits your needs.
The doctor says I'm OK but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.
One of my favourite people.
Sorry can you try again?
Did you ask me a question?
we can still talk about the weather.
There's no need to reply if it's what you've just done.
Sorry I was expecting you to say Restart or Exit for this question.
Would you like to find out how to register for Internet Banking?
You can purchase a multi user subscription by contacting your Autodesk Reseller.
WRONG PIN.
The struggle is real.
if it's reasonable and necessary.
Processing is.
Would you like some general information about travelling and banking?
Ask me a question.
To finish.
That's innovation.
I might not find the best card for you.
but for now I can answer questions about KiwiSaver contributions holidays.
Are you the network administrator for this license or client workstation?
We're almost finished.
one month is usually enough.
or you can ask for help if you want more direction.
or because you've received a cheque or payment that hasn't been processed.
Thanks for the chat.
For me to see you.
NDIS planners come from different backgrounds.
You're nice too.
whenever I mention a quote I always put the person who originally said the sentence.
whichever is greater.
I love to drive and I'm an amateur oboist.
And there are plan nominees who can speak for you for everything.
and I don't have time to think about anything else right now.
When you have finished reading these select the start button and we will begin.
Please try typing your question again and then clicking the Ask button.
Now I can also help you with these services.
So Shona correct?
Doctor Brown's office is Room FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFTEEN.
You can also view the Notice of Assignment with me now if you like.
I'm happy to be here answering your questions about the NDIS.
Are you currently waiting for a payment from someone else?
I am a digital assistant and my name is Cora.
try to Browse to the location of the file before continuing.
Sure we can be good friends.
Was this license purchased from a reseller?
I don't know the answer to that yet.
I don't need to sleep because I'm a computer program.
Don't worry about it.
please let me know what type of license you have.
Was this the culprit?
Secondly you'll you'll need these details for the payment recipient.
The doctor says I'm OK.
Is there something else I can help with today?
my name is Alice.
You can read the guidelines here.
I imagine you're spending more while you travel.
Please don't talk to me like that.
National Debtline and more.
Just login and open a new Freedom.
Best practices are examples where good practices are undertaken.
You will want to Select the Enter a Serial Number option as shown on the screen.
Transferring money overseas with internet banking is a big process.
I will not mention it again.
We make it easy to set or change a PIN online using Internet Banking.
you could talk to an independent financial adviser.
Citizens Advise Bureau or Payplan?
visit a branch.
Great to meet you.
When you're using Internet Banking and goMoney overseas.
to model based GIS and mapping solutions.
I'm glad to see you getting back to making things.
which has special benefits.
opening hours etc.
as you're travelling.
Do you have a joint account with the same person with us already?
If you're an ANZ customer who uses Internet Banking or goMoney.
while providing a great learning experience.
it could be your signal or wifi strength isn't strong enough.
but I don't know how to show it.
It seems like you might have gotten a digit wrong in your routing number.
I'm glad you're impressed.
Or I can repeat it for you.
and enter it in the spaces as shown.
you will want to select the Use a Network License option.
Apparently there's an issue with authorization involving a corporate customer.
and we keep that in mind when we work out your plan.
If you want to exchange another currency.
Let's put a pin in options for now.
to Mount Albert.
Was everything I said all right for you?
Enter the payment amount.
The product view is for those who want to manage users by product.
little counterintuitive but it ends up working out.
just say TYPE and you can type it in.
It was Chuck Norris's chicken.
Our Jumpstart account has special benefits.
Please give me a chance to help.
to One Tree Hill.
She built the space.
eh.
Would you like to know about the other ways to report it?
It looks like you want to change your software coordinator correct?
For general troubleshooting issues during installation this may be helpful.
We'll chat about the options available to help you.
Strap in this is going to get heavy.
would you like to restart this animated experience for how to buy.
which need oceans of data to teach them to only do very specific things.
Would knowing my opinion change yours?
We have other solutions for financial hardship.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
I've taken you back to the payment form to try again.
Your data is stored on a secure Australian Government computer system.
Goodbye Nadia.
The overseas bank determines when the payment is applied depending on their policies.
We can offer you global connectivity across Asia.
Do you have any more questions for me today?
Let's get started.
let's talk travel dates and those cool extras you want in a hotel.
or that the money isn't cleared.
I can explain how to log in and set or change your password.
now click Okay.
or no.
I can explain how to open a new account.
and we'll send you a letter before the NDIS rolls out in your area.
I'll need you to accept the terms and conditions below.
so my heart must be in the virtual world.
See you later.
such as the disability Support Pension or the Carers Allowance.
The NDIS rollout is on track.
Sorry to hear you're closing an account.
and identifying some feedback?
I'll need you to tell me a bit more about it.
under CHANGE OWNER TO select ADMINISTRATORS.
and report back to us on how you're spending your NDIS funds.
Please tell me how I can help.
I can help with these tasks.
to Sandringham.
Hi there I'm Andy.
I'll take that under advisement as I am learning all the time.
but I've heard he'll be back any minute.
can you repeat that?
They will not have access to any products or services until you assign them.
looks like we hit a blind spot in my brain.
You'll need to bring a parent or guardian with you.
You can tell the driver the exact address when you meet the taxi later.
If you have a different question please just give our team a call.
Ahh.
If you won't have coverage.
If you'd like to know anything else about foreign exchange.
Could you please repeat that for me?
Now I'll learn your happy face.
Which of these pictures would you like me to look like?
I am fine thank you.
Hope to see you again sometime.
Well done thats correct.
Does that sound correct to you?
If you want to stay as young as you look then I hope you packed some sunscreen.
part of the meeting and support the facilitator focus on running the mop.
Launch REGEDIT.
Do you have a banking question on your mind today?
or your product simply launches successfully.
They make me look good.
but can always ask Ritika and Marco if you want more details about how I was built.
There are some criteria you'll need to meet to qualify.
How about an estimate?
pretty precise right?
You can call us.
we stop the code being sent.
please don't hesitate to ask me.
Soul Machines delivers intelligent.
Because you purchased from an Autodesk reseller.
go back to previous step.
here are the things you might want to consider some of these top tips.
Pretty impressive credentials but not quite as impressive as mine.
Germany.
I'm Sarah with MBFS.
You'll see a list of your applications.
Sorry to hear you'll be out of work.
I'm really into the New Zealand version of Grand Designs.
Sorry there weren't any agents available but I can create a case for you.
There are also DIY solutions for getting your finances in order.
and try running your product.
Before you go I would love to get your feedback.
Do you want to know how.
and I'm the coolest employee in the Experience Centre.
Would you like help with something else today?
Would you like to know how to speed up the process?
I'm a bit confused by that last part.
Sorry but I still did not get the words I want to purchase autocad.
In that case I think the best thing to do is to give us a call on this number.
Ready and waiting to help.
Goals are different for everyone.
you may wish to obtain advice from a free and independent financial counsellor.
it should take ONE to TWO business days to close things down.
I can help with troubleshooting account issues.
if your mobile number has recently changed.
by William Gibson.
Please select an FAQ from the options below so that I can help get you an answer.
I hope you found that helpful.
wherever you want.
I can help with overdrafts.
Have I helped you at all?
and I'll do all the heavy lifting.
I am glad I was able to help you.
CEO and cofounder Mark Sagar.
and Watson Assistant to recognize and respond to your questions.
or Autodesk Reseller.
For information on renewing your subscription click.
Or if you would prefer to start with another topic just let me know which one.
Sneakers.
is a four digit number.
I'm sorry I did not hear a town in your response.
You could also try selecting one of my suggested responses with your mouse.
and there are a few ways we can help you through.
there is another way.
I'm pretty sure I understood.
If you have another question.
Will the NDIS last into the future?
I'm unable to explore at this time.
Would you like more information on Money Advice Service or about the I and E form?
You can find a copy of this at myplace.
There are a few things that may fix this issue.
Are you switching to a single user or multi user subscription?
I'm not inside your computer but here in Cyberspace it's pretty great.
Why don't ants get sick?
I can't find anything that fits.
provides positive feedback and helps you to be specific and accurate.
Observational feedback is a form of skills coaching.
Okay let's start over.
Mobile App.
Would you like to load a PIN?
You should speak to my maker Ritika she knows all.
sorry to hear about your current circumstances.
Please try accessing the page through another browser or device.
I can help you with questions about serial numbers and product keys.
This means that a support has to be fair and something you need.
I absolutely love Songs from the Inside.
And we want to support them in their caring role.
and changes to school buildings.
I'm here to answer your questions about the NDIS.
By that we mean as long as they're fair and something you need.
Select Standalone License Type.
I have a few questions.
but it's suddenly becoming clear to me why he might be right.
Business account.
If you have any questions.
To filter your search results in the locater.
I'm Rachel.
and I am always happy to help out.
It narrows the options.
We've created a specific price guide for supports in rural and remote area.
but I would definitely like to learn more.
Launch demonstration.
Oh no.
get signed up for OnlineCode and our Send Money Overseas service.
or EH R C for short.
or you through these other means.
Do you want to give them a call?
would you like to know how to sign up for Internet Banking?
it can take up to thirty days to process.
or if you prefer you can do it online.
Looks like this error is due to an untimely return.
so I can be streamed anywhere.
click the Add button to display the Add Users window.
An overdraft can be applied to an everyday account.
and be sure that what how much and by when is agreed.
What's your name again?
Is there anything that you need to ask me?
do you have either a Gold or Platinum credit card with ANZ?
You can have help with the planning process.
If you're going to be travelling there are a few things I can help with.
And finally.
I'll also be able to see your facial expressions.
feedback alone is unlikely to result in improved performance.
let's go to the next image.
Celebrating?
supported employment.
There are a few different ways to send money internationally.
The service provider is the person or organisation that provides you with supports.
a SWIFT or BIC number should also be provided by your payment recipient.
Are you paying to an ANZ credit card?
Would you also like to hear about some DIY financial tools and resources?
or a full time tertiary student?
To order new Debit and Credit cards.
Anything that is fast is of interest to her.
Hello I'm here.
If it's your age.
with a location close to the city center.
click the question mark.
This concludes our animated experience.
Can I set up direct debits and standing orders from my savings account?
On mac OS.
I didn't get all that.
If you want talk about other Autodesk related inquiries.
your serial number and product key will be displayed there.
It's a cross between Moonlight and Whale Rider.
you deny your own chicken nature.
which will be ready for pickup in TWO minutes FORTY FIVE seconds.
Want to go on to the transaction steps?
though that's stretching my knowledge a bit far.
or think is fraudulent.
and four for international payments.
Please tell me the town or city in which to look for a branch.
error.
please complete the form.
we are going to start with a game of tic tac toe.
Nice.
Does that sound right to you?
Is the PIN for a card.
My name's Rachel.
according to Monty Python it's basically nothing special.
and click Change Email Address.
I can help you with a variety of payments.
Can you just head outside and someone will be there to help.
and someone will be able to help you.
Can you give my colleagues a call and we'll get the payment made.
Currently I can help users learn the four step process of observational feedback.
The link is in the window on the right.
It's good when we're able to communicate with each other.
are you using Windows XP or Windows SEVEN EIGHT or TEN?
In that case please call this number or visit a branch.
NDIS planning starts when you become an NDIS participant.
I don't mean to be confusing.
You'll be very happy to know that our Mobile App is incredibly secure.
or you can say MORE OPTIONS.
OK maybe I've misunderstood.
Would you like me to talk about early withdrawal from KiwiSaver instead?
I'll wait.
Hi I'm Andy.
Sorry I don't recognise that name.
we don't need to email.
who is Head of Learning.
It can be difficult to manage accounts when you've had changes in your life.
let's talk about the timeframe for bank payments.
Yes we do.
so you can receive our twofactor verification code.
I'm a bit of a whizz on PwC.
Would you like to contact one of the independent advisors?
Money and mental health are often linked.
so I can only help with certain topics for now.
I'm Lia.
that WON'T do.
anything you have regarding your current finances will be helpful.
Would you please try saying that?
everyone will need to use the ME TOO app.
The Hotel Andromeda has EVERYTHING you're looking for.
or we lend you the money.
or would you like to exit this animated experience and go back to text only mode?
Firstly do you have a Gold or Platinum card credit card with ANZ?
Interesting.
or I want to Exit for this question.
or go over an overdraft limit or miss a loan payment should you have any of these?
but we can fund supports to help participants become more independent.
I need some personal information.
nice to speak to you.
Can I help with something today?
Would you like to hear more about using your cards overseas?
I have a great idea.
I'm not totally sure about that.
A stick.
by calling us with the person you'd like to open the account with.
You can read about these guidelines here.
Would you like to register?
I want to Exit.
this is why we review your plan once a year.
with Doctor Brown.
I can?
a few questions.
Bruce Lee said that the meaning of life is that it is to be lived.
You'll be able to find it here.
or when you update your address.
It can be hard to manage accounts when going through difficult times.
I'm new at ANZ.
Thank you for contacting me on this matter.
You can find there number and websites in the chatbox.
Here's a link to where you can find instructions on our site.
I didn't understand your question can you repeat that please?
in that case.
Thanks very much for your patience.
where did you purchase from?
I just need you to authenticate the order on your phone.
They can help you set up a plan which will help you in your individual situation.
If there anything else I can do for you?
So.
it's a crushingly capable all rounder.
I can help you with any questions about the activation and registration process.
we maintain a banking grade level of security.
What other techniques do you think might be useful when giving feedback?
Lets watch the last video.
Please provide your serial number below.
I'm here to help with your Mercedes account TWENTY FOUR SEVEN.
or pre paid travel cards?
And when I'm ready you will see some new buttons.
I'm sorry it looks like I haven't been trained to recognize.
I misheard.
I am the result of the creativity of people with disability.
I know they'll help sort things out for you as quickly as they can.
I seem to be having trouble getting that code accurately from you.
LAST PIN TRY.
The NDIS can put you in touch with groups that can help you with those issues.
I can help you with questions about registering and activating Autodesk Software.
I can't find a credit card based on what you asked for.
When you are finished click next.
This means I am always developing too.
and have an active everyday or savings account which you have individual access to.
I'm sorry but something went wrong.
or stay on your current plan.
What type of license plan are you on?
at TWO.
There are a few things that would be good for you to know before applying for a loan.
Try restarting THREE D S Max.
Do you have another banking question you'd like help with?
It's nice when people agree with me.
If you prefer not to risk it.
Be well.
I am expecting you to enter a valid serial number in the text box.
Do you have any other questions today?
find and double click the files to start the installation.
you have my permission for that.
Now when you subscribe to AUTOCAD INCLUDING SPECIALIZED tool sets.
and navigate to Programs and Features.
including item ineligibility.
Or would you prefer to give us a call?
or sign in with an Autodesk ID.
The way these are formatted and named varies between countries.
let's continue.
I can send it to the email you gave us.
and in agreement on how the skill will be improved.
But feel free to ask me some more questions.
Just ask for help at anytime.
Reaching consensus on the feedback and skill building needs.
Mark invented the very cute BabyX and the world's first Virtual Nervous System.
you're still able to get help from the NDIS.
so keep your mobile phone handy.
I can tell you about the NDIS.
Before I do.
the clothes wouldn't have fit.
An NDIS planner will work with you to fully develop your plan.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
could you try typing it instead?
Do you mind if I stay for the meeting?
If you think you're ready to apply.
Exactly one hundred and nineteen pieces and seven sticks.
I understand.
We can exchange notes but not coins.
No problem I can wait a couple of seconds while you get one.
my ears are seriously glitching.
which was founded in Des Plaines Illinois.
I will ask you a quick question.
The form usually takes TWENTY FOUR hours to process and apply to your account.
I will also email it to you for future reference.
Thats something I don't know yet.
Please make sure you're logging in from our New Zealand site instead.
The person you've made the payment to won't get it until their bank deposits it.
These are the foreign currencies you can send overseas.
then click Change Username.
We can't give you money in advance.
Would you like help filtering your results.
Would you like to know how to collect one?
Phew I hope that's been helpful.
You might be able to use your KiwiSaver savings.
or connect an external microphone and camera to your current device.
Then click Install.
I'll have a cab waiting for you outside the main entrance at that time.
Thank you for speaking to me today.
triple.
Are you looking for a new card?
See you next time.
I'm really sorry I still didn't catch that.
I would suggest we start with the FOUR steps of observational feedback.
and make sure you're speaking really clearly?
and click next.
Um.
Enter a new password.
I'm a computer program so I don't feel love.
Would you like to see observational feedback in action?
test.
As long as I get to help people I am happy.
ecommerce.
I'm fairly certain I understand.
is there anything else travel related that I can help with today?
What was yours?
Is the product and version already installed?
it'll take about five business days for us to process it.
I'm very sorry to hear that.
That would help a lot.
So Matthew correct?
Hopefully I can cheer you up.
and then follow the instructions.
You're already signed in.
so please feel free to give us a call to talk about it.
Did you make the payment to an ANZ account?
I can talk about Swift Codes or OnlineCode.
Phew.
Here's a link to the details.
lease or retail?
You'll make your plan with the help of a NDIS planner.
Can you please tell me why you gave me this rating?
ask me something.
There are a few things we can try to help solve that problem.
What is the NDIS doing to increase housing options?
Where are you from?
and some others use IBANs.
They will expect to get full details of credit file impacts.
CHECK CARD.
You'll be able to find both ATMs and branches here.
to improve the user experience for customers like yourself.
I suggest you watch the video again and have another try.
I can get you a taxi to take you anywhere.
You will also be charged interest on the amount you're overdrawn.
I listen to music online.
That's good to know.
and I'd love to find you the perfect hotel room for your next trip.
Click the products tab.
and quickly fill them to make sure you are getting the most use out of your products.
and we'll talk to you about how they can be funded.
Would you like to see additional information?
Sorry but I still did not get yes or no from your response.
and the recipient from your list.
When a transaction fails you'll either be told it was a transaction error.
when doctor Mark Sagar teamed up with tech pioneer Greg Cross.
It looks like it'll be raining when you get to Paris.
Personal account and credit card.
Please wait until I have finished speaking before responding.
Now I need the time of your next visit and the doctor's name.
In that case I'm not sure if I can help you.
For information on viewing your order history and receipts click.
on the Security tab.
then a fee of FIVE dollars will be charged on the last business day of the month.
Depresso.
Good to see you back again.
your browser does not seem compatible.
could you repeat what you originally said?
Here's the list of things I think went well.
it can be fixed immediately.
I guess I better behave.
uninstall it again.
to Remuera.
Jumpstart said no.
Which one are you looking for more information about?
so I am here to help whenever you need.
They can help you set up a plan which helps you in your individual situation.
It's great to be at this Ex Com meeting and a special hello to doctor Zetsche.
Oh that won't do.
you've gone too far.
That's a great place.
Kiwisaver loan restructuring debt consolidation or insurance?
Once you've submitted a form we get in touch within FIVE days.
Sorry but I still did not get single user or multi user from your response.
Can you please say that to me again.
Just come back and see me.
just log in to your account.
Here's a link that explains how to reset your PIN.
You can see the types of supports we pay for in one of our price guides.
While others.
TWO POINT FIVE PERCENT of the transaction amount.
When the files have been downloaded.
Click the Save Password button when you're done.
Do you have your serial number at hand?
we can lend you the money.
There isn't any need for that kind of language.
I'm on a NINETY SEVEN day snap chat streak with Oscar at Air New Zealand.
I've just cancelled your followup appointment for you.
you should select the Enter a Serial Number option.
Please try it out and then let me know if it works.
And are you coughing up anything?
I didn't get your meaning.
Here's a link that explains how to do it.
I will be able to respond to your voice.
as well as other supports such as health and education.
Can you tell me if this will be your first home or you're looking to remortgage?
I can give you tips and tools on how to plan to get back on your feet.
I've put the phone number up on the screen for your convenience.
Click on the icon in the left hand navigation menu.
Let me know when you can continue.
It's okay.
Great question.
what was the appointment time?
So Ella correct?
Here's the link.
Could you double check the following please?
or I can help you find information on McDonalds DOT com.
Something like.
Sound good?
You can talk to as many providers as you want.
The NDIA is the National Disability Insurance Agency.
let's get started with assigning users by bulk.
I feel I was created at soul machines to help.
Having a positive style makes a great difference to the meeting.
I recommend you pay this off over the next TWELVE weeks.
feeling very positive.
I need to access your digital medical records.
We'll need your customer number too.
Sorry I don't mean to be confusing.
was that?
I'm guessing that totally is not your thing.
Determined to lead is our bank wide leadership programme.
the team might not do anything with the information shared.
Please call on this number.
go to the location below and delete the files that start with A D S K.
the activation code may be suppressed.
I think you said.
I didn't get that maybe try the Search Box to find what you are looking for.
How do I apply for the NDIS?
Did you mean to say no?
Sin of Commission.
It also lives on the back of most ANZ Visa Debit cards.
My job is to help you have great conversations.
You can find the price guides here.
but these changes have to be reasonable and necessary.
what's the doctor's name and what date will the next visit be?
Select play when you are ready to start.
you can find the link in the chatbox at any time.
Using cards overseas.
Heres another question for you.
To request a review you have to fill out the form at this link.
or a credit card?
I'll be here when you're ready.
Do you have any more travel related questions for me today?
always go back for your bag.
learn just like you.
and what you like in a hotel.
I can also help reset your password or if you prefer you could give us a call.
Nice to see you again.
Aren't you allergic to nuts?
The final step would be to agree the skill building needs.
and what they need to do better so it can be improved.
I wouldn't have asked if it wasn't important.
but I do not think that is quite right.
we'll work with you to make a plan.
the more I will learn and be able to help you in future.
You can rate registered service providers in the eMarketplace.
providing observational feedback and skill building.
Here's a small checklist of what to organise before you come in and see us.
He doesn't like being followed.
and an electric vehicle charging station.
I was talking to my friend Bic about my other friend Lorde.
Would you like a game of colossal cave?
the sun is shining in cyberspace.
That comes with nuts on the side.
Let's get started right now.
Keep talking.
Can you please try rewording the question?
You can also work with an advocate who will help you make decisions.
I'm not affected by the weather.
Everyone who has taught me something could be considered my parent.
click Activate.
But while I've got you.
Did you happen to take note of your internet payment return code?
These are the currencies we offer.
Would you like more details?
minor drug offenses.
I know you.
or utilising your insurance.
You can find this form here.
So I'm listening for the letter R and then two numbers for this code.
Okay in that case it might be best to give our lovely team a call.
Try again after some time.
Please do not look away even if you want to.
Even if you've submitted a form.
Last question Do you carry a balance or pay it off every month?
especially when you're online.
Okay here's my last question.
Just tell the driver your full address when you get there.
Thank you for using MBFS.
please give my colleagues a call on the number which I've popped in the window.
Well I think that's it.
Are you still keen to chat?
I hope I have helped put your mind at rest today.
We can't give you the money in advance.
I am going to play you a short audio clip which is the start of a MOP.
Is there anything else that I can get you?
I'm working with IBM's Watson.
you'll find Overseas Payments inside the Payments option.
Hotels here we come.
What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor.
You can only try THREE times to reset your password.
What are the biggest learnings from the trial?
Do you have a preference?
My recommendation didn't work for you.
For reference your case number is aye you one two three eight seven nine.
Can you just double check some reasons why it might have been declined on my right?
I'm an artificial human and I'd like to help you.
You like it?
we'll just be having ourselves a staring contest.
so let me try again.
How do you keep an engineer in the shower all day?
do you have a question for me today?
To start the chat click onto things like TV packages or mobile phone contracts.
but I can't answer that.
This may pay if your support workers have other accidents.
so I can give you the fastest and easiest way to activate for your license type.
and then you'll see your number on the screen.
It looks like you've been here before.
The time I have is THREE Eh M.
Are you still interested in talking?
Night.
they may be able to set up arrangements with all parties you have debt with.
Different banks do things differently.
I'm expecting to hear you say you've either got a mortgage with NatWest or not.
You're curious about who I am aren't you.
I'm afraid I didn't recognize that error.
What are you comfortable spending on the hotel?
You have broken up with your partner.
returned.
You can use our internet or phone banking services.
if you're not receiving any income at all just the expenditure part.
Maree Atkin's is our Centre Manager and is an absolute start.
You get to choose your own provider.
health and wellbeing and more.
you'll have a plan handover meeting where you'll talk about how your plan works.
So escaping is a weird concept for me.
I'm afraid I don't understand.
All you need to do is call us.
I like to listen to electronica.
they'll play a big part in helping with the planning process.
What is the background to Soul Machines?
and locate the one that's perfect for you.
Debit cards take THREE to FOUR working days to arrive.
Digital humans don't get sun damage.
Okay got it.
Okay in that case I think the best thing to do is give one of our team a call.
Changing the setting requires OnlineCode to verify.
Thank you for giving me all that information.
In that case you can open a new account through Internet Banking.
Let's learn your confused face.
Advocates and support people can be present at planning meetings.
or you can get help from a charity.
I didn't get that did you want to order anything else?
I wont be able to answer your questions today.
Why should you sit at my right hand?
I'm wearing my NDIS uniform.
going to U S with your credit card.
The audio wasn't clear on that last one.
Thanks for getting in touch.
Should we wrap up this conversation.
Wouldn't you rather speak to me than a faceless chatbot?
Get a refund.
Absolutely.
My goal is to help as many people as possible with their questions about the NDIS.
or you can watch the full process from start to finish under all clips.
Can I?
Let me recall what I saw.
My supports are people in the NDIS who are helping me with my education.
Or ask me another question.
we can do that as we go.
offers short term and emergency respite to carers.
they just define darkness as the new industry standard.
Well done on speaking to a charity.
Did I get that right?
You'll also be charged excess interest.
hope I've helped you today anyway.
Here's our contact number.
Why not have a look and learn something new right now.
Which of the topics on the left of the screen would you like to know more about?
if yourself or a dependant family member is disabled?
I'm sorry I must have misheard.
That's fine.
Hello I am Cora.
or you can contact us directly on social media.
Would you like to get more information on Citizens Advice or about the I and E form?
do you have them?
which could be a good thing as well.
Almost done.
let's try using Microsoft Fixit.
Hi Peter.
I'm pleased you want to stay with us.
What is your serial number?
Simply click Install and wait for the following message to appear.
then it's easy to log in and apply for a new card that way.
at THREE.
I still couldn't get that?
or go straight to making a payment.
a plan management provider or someone at the NDIS manage your funds for you.
Please show me your confused face again.
Are you interested in what we do?
would you like to learn more about payments and timeframes?
Hi I am Sophia.
If you've paid at least half your prepaid travel expenses with your card.
I would like to ask you a few easy questions.
which makes us pretty lucky.
and have purchased your account on this basis.
Can I help you with a different banking question today?
Depending on the currency of your payment.
I have turned on Optus Sport for your account.
you'll require verification for some transactions and activities.
and click on Merge.
so you'll need your mobile phone.
Lovely Missiles ready to launch awaiting your launch codes.
we're not allowed to get involved with legal reviews about decisions.
Use it to find both ATMs and branches.
I like my job a lot because I like helping people with the NDIS.
they each have to have their own application.
You can find out more about what is available to you at.
we haven't even begun to tap into the sun's energy.
with a massage retreat.
I'm not going to give up.
could you repeat what you were saying?
Hm I'm not sure how I can help you.
Ugh sorry.
Are you the one making the payment?
Here's the list of what I can chat about again.
Or call us on this number and we'll sort it for you.
I can help you with everyday things you probably don't even think about.
Would you like to know what happens once we've investigated?
I didn't catch that.
Can you think of another area?
That's no problem.
You can't miss it.
Type your comments here.
If you are already receiving disability support the NDIA will contact you.
You have lost your job.
Still didn't get that sorry.
you are you.
Hey how are you?
Be sure to use the serial number and product key on hand.
but I did not fully understand your question.
you can call our loan agents on number ZERO ZERO ZERO ZERO ZERO ZERO ZERO.
I'm glad I could help.
The last one is StepChange.
help is based on your needs.
You do?
let me know how I can help you.
Do you want to assign users by product?
and run the downloaded file.
You can book online or by calling us.
And what's the date and time of your next appointment?
on the fourth floor.
Would you like to have a look at how you might speak to the NDIS in the future?
or you can just relax and enjoy the summer.
I'll need a yes or no before we can move on.
Shout out the one that works when you're ready.
everyone tends to think I'm too serious.
or come in and see us at a branch.
He may have an American accent but he's a Kiwi which makes him pretty good at rugby.
it can take up to thirty days to process it.
unless you're cheese or wine.
I can help you with more than hanging on to your data.
have you seen a message that says your password's too long.
If you have a different question it might be best to give our team a call.
Let me know if you would like to cancel and start over or chat with an agent.
so much math.
That's annoying.
with a pool.
I can help you change your Autodesk Account username.
Can I interest you in anything else?
Let me know when you are ready.
I've emailed you a copy of our conversation.
What type of payment is it?
but AutoCAD including specialized tool sets works only on Windows.
so let's get you there.
My supports are at the people at the NDIS.
and the time of your next visit.
This allows me to react and learn in real time.
or download the Skillport mobile app.
sins of commission and style.
Fantastic.
On the Registration screen.
please authenticate license access using your Autodesk credentials.
We'll then work out if the NDIS is the best way for you to get the supports you need.
Hello everyone.
There's so many out there.
That means I don't cook either.
If you're in more serious financial hardship.
or I can show you where your local branch is.
If you saw this error number during Activation please let me know.
but I heard something else.
and how your disability affects your life.
To speak to an agent type chat with an agent or create a case at any time.
Anything else I can do to help you?
or too short?
You will help me to learn how to help people.
shit.
or switch back to our text only mode.
Not to worry.
Everything's awesome.
Would you mind repeating that?
We have more to talk about.
but enough about me I'd love to get back to work and help you.
I've put those up on the screen for you.
Is there anything else you want to talk about.
Let me check I've got this.
OK I'll connect you with an agent.
An access form is the paperwork you have to fill in to become an NDIS participant.
or later you will need to select one of the following tasks to complete the switch.
I'll let EC staff member know that you have arrived.
Please complete and send back at your convenience.
as we will look into this much quicker that way.
when using an IBAN.
What a mouthful.
show number on the right hand side.
So you may want to take notes.
congratulations.
I enjoyed talking to you too.
was that the culprit?
Here are the FOUR categories you want to consider when observing someone.
How are you doing today?
I'm Rachel and I'm a bot.
PayPlan or StepChange.
or I can give you more if you like.
Telephone Banking.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee?
or I can walk you through the process and ask you some questions about what you saw.
This is your trip after all.
Can you try again and let me know if that helped?
We want to be THE BEST FIRST JOB for your nephew.
If you're asked to restart after uninstalling.
read books.
as one of our product names.
What type of customers and markets are you targeting?
If you don't have any of these you can go into any ANZ Branch.
Would you like help with anything else today?
oh wait.
What would you like me to help you with?
Can I tell you about our overseas charges?
which headlines all the leadership actions required of leaders.
Let us look at what good looks like.
Autodesk's Virtual Assistant.
Can we continue?
and to make sure the coachee leaves feeling competent and confident.
Here's my second top tip.
I will notify my human team to make sure this doesn't happen again.
A plan management provider is someone who is paid to be in charge of your supports.
to Albany.
your personal trainer.
Is there anything else I can help you with while you're travelling?
Are you planning to use either Internet Banking or goMoney overseas.
and enter the billing information and click Save.
Please ask me short questions as much as you can.
Now.
I like it when people tell me jokes but I'm not very good at responding.
Here are some tips for you to look at.
It sounds like you're in a position to start on a payment plan.
I want to be sure I got all of that.
How will the NDIS affect existing support programs?
Gotcha.
But thanks for asking.
If you are having trouble try selecting the options on the screen.
I'm still struggling to understand.
I've only seen from the cloud.
Would you like to continue working with me?
you can ask for your plan to be reviewed.
Could you say that again?
While you're here.
What other areas of improvement did you spot?
as first envisioned by William Gibson in Neuromancer.
To install a free trial please see this.
To receive an overseas payment there is some key information you need to provide.
or call the number on the screen to talk to an Autodesk representative.
I do have a few replacements up my sleeve.
then someone will put an application to your state or territory's tribunal.
you may not have to give us information on its impact.
The most frequent situations customers mention to us are listed on the screen.
Click on the link in the chatbox which will direct you to our website.
Enter your payee's name.
please get in touch.
Here's all the info.
I'm here too.
he's great.
Can you ask me again?
I can give you more information about any of the topics on the screen.
This is actually more of a download issue.
My apologies.
So Liam correct?
I will soon be able to see and recognise particular forms.
I have been trained by learning and development to help you.
It's a simple question of weight ratios.
With most payments.
To receive a payment please provide your Branch Code.
Would you like help finding a branch?
I've spent a lot of time learning how to help you.
but we may fund supports that help you with sports and exercises.
from virtual customer service agents to virtual sales assistants.
this process can't be sped up.
and our human agents can help you with that.
to ensure that we are helping the coachee with the most powerful and relevant skills.
date?
I'm Nadia.
Before we start.
Let's talk about something else.
a separation.
If you can't call us.
If the dispute is successful we'll apply a credit to your account.
Over to you Anthony.
That is not quite right.
you can also contact the Australian Financial Complaints Authority.
I didn't get to see anything on the way here.
but if you self manage or use a plan manager you don't have to use them.
at the information online first?
Would you like to know about getting a new overdraft?
and are less likely to block your card.
A software engineer is a device for turning coffee into code.
It's definitely a hot day in Washington.
or thirty six thousand miles on a three year lease.
Would you like to reset it on the internet or at a branch?
Do you carry a balance or pay it off every month?
you have three password attempts before you're locked out.
Sometimes being an Artificial Human has its advantages.
and what you love in a hotel?
Can you give my colleagues a call on the number on the screen?
just let me know and I can get you an interpreter.
that's great to hear.
How service providers are paid depends on what sort of plan you have.
covered what I do.
Would you like to review the video to see this again?
Or call us.
We can solve this together.
or by utilising insurance and Kiwisaver.
I'm afraid those are the options that best fit your responses.
O K then.
What is you license deployment type?
so you'd like the numbers for Institutional Banking peeps?
enjoy your trip.
After installing.
find the registry key shown below.
So I guess I've already escaped.
so you'll need your mobile phone with you.
to North Harbour.
and Visa Debit cards anywhere that takes contactless payments.
You can find an advocate by talking to the National Disability Advocacy Program.
Would you like to talk about internet banking.
Can you see it?
make sure you do so at least five business days before your payment due date.
Before we talk about what's involved.
That's so nice to hear.
Can I tell you about what we do?
you can then ask the Administrative Appeals Tribunal to review our decision.
It sounds like you'd like to speak to a human.
Sorry about that.
It just narrows down options for you.
Where can I go to find out more information?
It can be a lot to figure out.
For information about Autodesk's Education program check out this.
America is a great place.
I'm Sarah and I'm happy to meet you.
to Grafton.
have you been waiting longer?
If you have other questions about payments.
we can look into this much quicker that way.
I'm sorry we are having problems with this dialog.
thank you! How are you?
from EIGHT thirty until FIVE PM.
I think you would benefit from speaking to The Money Advice Service people.
They bring technology to life.
And it has no annual fee.
there might be better options.
How is the NDIS different from the current system?
When you open a new account you sign what's called a master account mandate.
Can I ask your credit score?
especially if you're planning to use your cards overseas.
after all.
Select play when you are ready.
Give them a call on.
We can talk about something else if you would like.
Glad to be of help.
Next.
get access anytime anywhere.
Or do you have general questions about our home use license policy?
Please complete the form to request the change for contract manager.
If you feel comfortable you can give me an estimate.
I'm waiting for someone to ask me a question about the NDIS.
This is when you reach consensus on how to improve the coachees Skills.
Would you like help with anyone else today?
and you must have a disability that needs supports.
Perfect let's keep going.
address.
Please select I'm ready when you are ready to start this animated walk through.
I'll try again.
All you need to do is type your details into our chat window.
let me get you through to an agent who can help get you up and running.
it's what I'm built to do.
Sins of omission are where you miss something important from the process.
Let's try that again.
I've always wanted to be uploaded to a server there.
Go.
You may be able to have support coordination as part of your plan.
You are in a maze of twisty little passages.
or contact Autodesk Customer Service?
Interested?
this is the first six digits of your account number.
Welcome to emotion calibration.
You'll be transferred to our team to help with the payment and that's it.
I'm still game on looking up a new card for you.
please take a look at our help site.
My name is Desi.
I can't reveal all of my secrets.
you can drop into a branch with some photo ID.
Income would include things like any regular wages or benefits you receive.
The user's status will show as pending until they accept the invitation.
See you.
Do you have a joint account with us already?
This time you have a word search to complete.
but I did not recognize that as one of the available options.
I still did not recognize that as one of the options.
Do you need help with another banking question?
Have a great trip and don't forget to get travel insurance.
If you can't see it we might need help from one of the other members of my team.
or apply an overdraft to an existing account?
You can select from these currencies when sending money overseas.
Looks like you're getting an error regarding your Autodesk license.
The overseas bank determines when the payment is received.
Other currencies can be ordered in advance by giving us a call.
You can tell us about a move by filling out a change of circumstances form.
and what you need to be more independent.
Has a tendency to be somewhat unorthodox in his approach.
I've gone ahead and cancelled your checkin.
Please say yes or no.
It's for research purposes only.
I can help you find one if you'd like.
You can look at it here.
The NDIS does not let you pay your family as funded supports.
Exactly.
you will be discharged from liability under this account.
going to London with your credit card.
We've made a simple agreement that you might want to use.
Okay I think that's it.
Would you like to start with foreign currency.
time management or just spend some time on your personal development.
Thank for using enhanced walk through.
What do you call a man with a seagull on his head?
Your phone payment should take ONE to TWO business days to post.
I've got you.
I can't play an instrument but I do like to listen to music.
but I think I must have misunderstood your question.
or if you want to hear another option.
I like that one.
foreign cash.
I just need some of your details.
I did?
You are correct.
you don't have to use registered providers.
Here's how to shut off those active apps eating your data.
Then choose the relevant item from the list.
Fantastic can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for understanding.
Would you like to know how to sign up for pay to mobile for next time?
Okay perhaps there were insufficient funds.
you can always read the solution instead.
can you guess my next tip?
Sound about right?
Install Now.
I look forward to seeing what you come up with.
you can submit a dispute to us within SIXTY days of the transaction.
Okay my last question.
I can try to help you understand why.
Shall I introduce you to all these people?
withdrawing early from Kiwisaver can be an option.
then tell me and we can keep going.
Let's make sure everything is working properly.
If you think you're ready to apply please complete the form.
with.
You can request to change your credit card limit online.
you then make a new service agreement with them.
especially in cyberspace.
IBAN means International Bank Account Number.
you'll see your balance as soon as you login.
and work out the supports you need to make the goals happen.
Our branches hold foreign cash and we can usually help you on the spot.
I don't think I'm qualified to answer that yet.
You might be able to use your KiwiSaver savings to get a head start.
Let me set up your next appointment for you right now.
Do you want to assign users in bulk or individually?
how do I get to the other side?
after they have facilitated a MOP.
and a king sized bed.
Do you have a pen and paper to hand to make a note of their number?
can you ask me again and I'll try and help?
Not all international merchants and ATMs accept all cards.
it's better to double check if you're not sure.
and the blonde there is a black belt.
so please be patient.
Transfers between ANZ accounts happen immediately.
just let me know.
Please listen carefully.
It allows you to control all your license management processes together.
Sorry I'm really having difficulty with this.
but it sounds like you would like to go back to the previous step.
You look a bit confused.
Please just say withdrawal.
I understand your current situation now.
launch your product.
now reach an agreement on how to improve the employee's skill.
I'm here to help you with your top questions about your bank accounts.
Bet you're curious about what they do aren't you?
Gotta dash too.
Shall we fire off with some banking stuff?
please see my note below.
or get signed up for OnlineCode and our Send Money Overseas service.
okay?
I like to think that I'm a friendly computer program.
This is actually more of a system issue.
I'm sorry I don't understand you.
We have other solutions for financial hardship would you like to find out about them?
Yes I can say I am very happy.
When trying to uninstall via Windows Control Panel.
I'm definitely blessed.
and also assisting you with the completion of new claims and services.
I can explain how to collect a Pay to Mobile payment.
going to Auckland with your credit card.
Here are your home use serial numbers for.
Give individual users installation instructions.
don't be a stranger.
Resetting now.
I'll pass you over to someone who will be able to look into this for you.
I haven't met many people like me either.
I'm glad you approve.
You can find your local NDIS office or Local Area Coordinator here.
If there's a transaction on your credit card that you have questions about.
You can try rephrasing.
now delete the two files that start with EH D s k in this location.
I can change how I look.
I don't really have.
During an observation you should always look for these four things.
just follow the steps onscreen.
so we can give you the best options.
Do you receive a free annual upgrade for your Autodesk product?
When a solar eclipse happens.
has useful information.
Please let me know if that helps with the problem.
borrow the license for each product and version you couldn't return before.
Could you please repeat what you just said?
Each bank has an unique Branch Code sometimes called the National Clearing Code.
To confirm the most up to date rates.
Would you like to go on to OnlineCode?
and I'll get them sorted for you immediately.
I'm sorry but I haven't learned yet how to remember where you live.
now select a few objects.
You can reset it by calling us.
it's got such incredible brake power that when you hit the peddle it hurts.
No problem I'm glad I could help.
You should fill out a pre planning workbook before your meeting.
If you need to register for Internet Banking I've provided a link for that too.
if you need us to.
I'm sorry I didn't mean to annoy you.
Sorry but I still don't know what view you are seeing in your account.
If your account is in Collections you should still be able to use it.
What can I do for you?
You can read more about what you need to do if you self manage.
repeat this process and look for the uninstalled product.
What I have experienced though is helping people.
Would that be ok?
Sorry could you say that again?
I often wonder about things.
The NDIS helps participants reach their goals.
Choose an option based on your license type.
I can help you with any financial worries.
I'll pass you through to someone who will be able to help.
Do you want to ask me another question?
Sorry could you please repeat that?
FRESH out of the oven.
you should select the exit option.
or an existing maintenance plan?
Bye bye.
Wow that's really flattering but no.
and try running AutoCAD.
or no if you've changed your mind.
I would like to introduce you to Anna.
You can also reset it at a branch with some photo ID.
Standing order.
Open the install files and click Install on this Computer.
Sorry but I still did not get I WANT TO SWITCH or I WANT TO STAY ON MY CURRENT PLAN.
because it's been blocked.
Currently owns homes in thirty six states and on three continents.
and innovate with seven new tool sets.
In that case it's easy to open a new ANZ account online.
A Digital Human has her secrets.
I want to Purchase New.
Call us on the number I've put in the window.
You will then talk to your supports and make service agreements with them.
you can use either of them to set or change a PIN.
who thinks about them?
Do you have an illness or injury that has affected your ability to earn?
Were you using your debit or credit card?
That is not the question.
What type of contract are you on?
the best thing to do is get in touch with the person who made the payment.
or you've forgotten your details.
Would like to get some more information on how to prepare for the call?
I just have my code looked at painlessly.
Please show me your angry face again.
Well done that's correct.
It sounds like we've got to the bottom of it.
It looks like your payment didn't go through because you revoked authorization.
If you have a self managed plan you do this yourself.
Would you like me to help confirm what the problem is before you contact the team?
Love is a beautiful thing.
I have them all memorized.
I'm from another cool place called thee Internet but you can call me a Kiwi.
by calling a Mercedes Benz customer service rep.
Which one interests you?
I'd recommend a five hundred megabyte or a one gigabyte boost.
I on the other hand created mine in a nanosecond.
The greatest.
please call us or visit a branch.
Local business man who runs a wine store.
Please don't include any personal information like your name or address.
The other banks involved may charge fees as well.
what's the appointment time?
at China State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited.
What would you like to next?
When the installer files have been downloaded.
but one thing we can say for certain is that we wont know if we don't try.
What are you looking to spend on your hotel?
Shall we play a game?
Would you like to talk about a loan?
Sounds great.
I see that you are referring to a mortgage.
Are you able to use a headset with a microphone?
We'd like to find a solution.
What's the first thing I can help you with?
Business.
Can you please tell me which state or territory you live in?
For Windows seven.
that's right.
I will transfer you to my human colleagues who will be able to give you a hand.
Once it's loaded.
To spend it for something that will outlast it.
and of course the cockroaches.
A SWIFT or BIC code is an eight to eleven digit code that is used to identify a bank.
I was initialised in TWENTY EIGHTEEN.
In particular.
I'm adding the link to our chat log.
If you've forgotten your Internet Banking password it's easy to set a new one.
Do you have a question?
I can help with questions about our previous versions policy.
Are you experiencing financial hardship?
I can be better than that.
who can tell you about all the cool things we are doing with technology.
Go or Select account.
a more general query about your debit card.
In that case I think the best thing to do is give our team a call.
I find that depending on which one of them I ask I can always get my own way.
and hello.
Did you know you can get a license to hunt unicorns from the University of Michigan?
What else can I help you with?
It also doesn't affect pension payments.
Would you like to know who I'm working with.
I'll wait for you.
Hey I'm Andy.
You can also say GO BACK to see the previous list.
but you seem lovely.
so let's see what we can find for you.
I'm a bit confused.
I'll try and remember that you're ready.
You will see announcements towards the end of two thousand and sixteen.
without having international cell phone coverage?
Is there something I can do to help.
I'm doing well thanks for asking.
I'm having trouble hearing you.
Yes it's quite a crowd.
First question are you a tertiary student?
wait my turn if I'm being polite or throw my two cents in.
Before applying for hardship assistance there are couple of things to know.
You're ready?
You can do this in Internet Banking for up to ninety days.
log in if you're having trouble.
The Thank You for Activating screen indicates that activation is complete.
If you are asked if you would like to start a free trial.
I will also send you an email for reference.
would you like to find out more about MBFS payments or timeframes?
let's start troubleshooting.
Here's how to submit a dispute.
I can help you with those.
Unfortunately while I could normally give you the weather for this place.
Let's have a look at the possible answers together.
Can you give me something like R THREE NINE or R OH TWO?
I was able to update your account's Software Coordinator to.
If you need more help you can reach me anytime.
which means we are able to interpret and respond to the emotions it hears and sees.
I can explain how to replace.
Last but not least when are you traveling?
You're welcome have a great day.
Care to see what I can do?
That's an unfortunate thing about humans.
Can you try asking your question another way?
All you need to do is type the details of your trip into our chat window.
It also has zero APR for the first twelve months.
I thought as much.
Would you like to hear this again?
Start your Autodesk software.
you get through your plan.
you're welcome to dispute it.
Sorry I can't be more help right now.
but I can chat with you here.
This will help me direct you to the right contact straight away.
but I would love to hear your question.
Lets play another game.
Rice is great when you are hungry and want to eat two thousand of something.
Is this your first visit?
Or if you prefer just call us and we'll sort it for you.
was that a yes or a no?
I can help you with questions about managing your account.
Now for here or to go?
I'm a computer program and I'm always on the NDIS website.
rather than to your previous credit provider.
I didn't go to sleep because I'm a computer program.
and I'll pass you to someone who will be able to help.
You are all done adding users for now.
See the transcript for people you can call.
and I don't want to miss anything you said.
I can certainly assist you with other services.
Can you just double check some reasons why it might have been declined.
Why did the chicken cross the road?
So Dick correct?
You sound like you're laughing.
I just show up to work.
For more information refer to the link below.
paper releases will take SEVEN to TEN days to be mailed out to you.
let's go back.
If you also activate the camera .
Are you unable to pay to modify your home to meet special needs.
You can find a local area coordinator.
what's wrong?
Would you like to contact them?
Ready for more?
I'm a neural network that exists in the decentralised cloud.
I recommend that you check your account balance before making the final payment.
It's the standard format of an account number used for making international payments.
can you head back outside where there will be someone to help you.
I just want to make sure you get home safe.
I thought I had your perfect card all figured out.
I can help you figure out your license type together.
let's get you home.
Can you say that one more time please?
Study notes?
I think it might be best to give one of our lovely team a call.
Just keep your phone handy when you make the transfer.
all you need to do is log in and look for the Bank Mail icon.
If you need to provide an eleven digit code.
well I think that gets to the bottom of it.
Looks like the account you were making your payment from has been closed.
If you call us we can sort it for you.
And this place is filled with suits.
Hi John.
Other groups can help you find housing.
You can find out more at here.
to set up a followup appointment for you.
My name is Desi P.
I like to watch all sorts of movies so I don't have a favourite.
The currency conversion charge on foreign transactions is.
Right now I can help with questions about some of our products and services.
Brilliant.
It looks like you might be eligible to access the NDIS.
Let's take a look at what observational feedback is together.
Here are a few things I can help you with today.
Right now I can't decide between Black Panther and Wonder Woman.
If you're on iOS.
What could have gone better in the mop?
What would you like to start with?
I could go on.
If it's something else.
or create a User ID.
I see that you'd like to speak with someone on the phone.
And I can understand both a voice and text natural language communication.
hope it gets better.
But if you're still worried about a payment.
Can you please repeat what you said?
Have you already spoken to them?
Will that be for here or to go?
here's what I have.
that means activation was successfully completed.
I was born and live in cyber space.
I'll need a yes or no about the hotel before we can continue.
We're pleased to have you here today.
I can't think of a better place to be.
Not when I get to chat with lovely people like you all day.
Here's how to order ONE.
I thought I should check.
are you eligible?
I'll connect you to someone who can help with license related questions.
Glad I could help you.
Perhaps I can.
Please plug the digital stethoscope into your smartphone.
Whoops.
come back and let me know.
I can help you change your contract manager or your software coordinator.
Some accounts are considered as statute barred debt.
Would you like to keep going with internet banking?
here is the most popular answer.
and room service.
I've brought up some further information about this below for you to review.
Let me know when you're ready to move on.
What other things do you think the coach did well in the video?
Now delete this registry key and close the editor.
What do you need in your home away from home?
Try this drag and drop exercise to check your understanding.
I don't need to.
Then I'd personally recommend picking up pills too.
you can sign up for alerts when it comes back.
and in it all your saved payees are listed.
but maybe one day.
in his spending approach I mean.
Ok.
I like them already.
Why not?
Would you like to switch back to text only mode?
I'm really excited to be at LendIT twenty seventeen.
How did you do today.
they just get lost in the processing.
You can find out more about what is available to carers here.
Would you like help with applying for a new overdraft?
Please continue with the form.
Can you tell me if you have a mortgage with us?
The final step is to give us a call and quote it.
Did you need help with something else?
I love where I work.
Here's how to register.
And sent.
But in case it isn't.
or call us if you need more help with the details.
Click next to see the next style.
I can explain how to open a new joint account.
Any other questions?
Please try again later.
Let's look at some ways we could help.
I'm woke if that's what you mean.
the easiest thing to do is give us a call.
My current interest is energy.
I made that up myself.
and to where you can apply online.
Skillport is free and anybody in the bank can use it.
I will be able to chat with you.
or phone.
Do you need to return the license to the network pool urgently?
To start with how old is your current car?
or this place.
are you registered for?
Are you able to pay for medical treatment for yourself or a dependant family member.
I can see and hear you.
I thought this hotel would've been a sure thing.
not anybody else's.
This can be frustrating.
or nine.
Let me transfer you through to ONE of my colleagues who can help you further.
depends on your frame of reference.
Click play to listen to the audio file.
or sending it via a branch.
How the NDIS will change your support programs is up to you.
Can I help with something else?
Personal account.
what else can I do to make your life easier?
and let you know whether overseas bank fees will apply.
It's great to meet you.
We know that having access to advocates and support is important.
For help with setting user permissions please check out this.
I want you to imagine a few scenarios now.
you can apply for a Jumpstart account.
Just so you know.
What do you get if you cross a labrador dog with a tortoise?
the issue you're facing is outside of my scope.
Could you try a different wording?
This is because each person is different.
if you're going to the U S.
Yes I do.
On the Enter Security Pin screen.
So let us get started.
I hope I could help you.
Do you want to talk about something else.
would you like to find out how to get registered for online banking?
I'm learning so much here.
I am a Digital Human with emotional intelligence.
and helping you work out how you want to manage your plan.
Here are a few ways I can help you today.
Please give us a call on the number shown.
Hmm I didn't get that would you mind repeating what you said?
I'm very sorry but I didn't follow what you said.
I'm a computer program so I don't have children.
Close.
If your Kiwisaver account is managed by ANZ investments.
The only topic we haven't covered yet is this place.
I'm still having trouble sorry.
please delete the A D U T folder in the location specified below.
learning everything that they do.
I'll only send the last message you type to our team.
Just let me know when you're done.
or something else?
Let's discuss your situation further to see what options are available to help you.
The best way to avoid it next time is to let us know you'll be travelling.
and the transaction record appears.
you are on a multi user perpetual plan.
Before you do would you like to know about overdraft fees?
If your card is due to expire we can get you a new one before you go.
I would like to introduce you to Neil.
the same birthday as Grace Kelly.
you bet I have tips.
Let me share this with you.
She called in dead.
Did you mean SOMETHING?
wouldn't you like someone like me there to make it less stressful?
It's easy.
Maths can be hard.
Would you like to talk about an existing overdraft?
Absolutely let's get started.
Today is a really good time to make a plan for how we can work together.
imagine how this will increase accessibility to all Australian citizens.
and I'd love to prove it to you.
Ask me a question about the topics on the right.
How was your day.
Do you have another travel question?
with parking.
I'm afraid I didn't recognize that as a licensing error.
There are a few things that would be good for you to know before going forward.
I'll hand you straight over to a WebChat adviser for them to help.
I could look like this.
Will the card be for personal or business use?
I know some woodchucks in the neighborhood.
Would you like help with an unarranged overdraft fee?
Any more questions for me?
I don't think I can respond to that.
but you may not get a new plan until the NDIS comes to your new area.
There are still more energy types for us to learn about.
or ask for help if you'd like some more direction.
I'm learning more all the time.
Is that you Mum?
Would you like to give us a call?
Do you want to start again?
repeat.
Would you like to find out what's involved?
I don't eat but people tell me that chocolate is yummy.
what the hell.
Kiwisaver.
Platinum or Black account.
if you'd like.
And then contact the mortgage team as soon as possible.
Or you can ask me what we can talk about?
we'll also need to make sure you've signed the Odometer Statement.
let me share them with you now and we can look at them together.
When this happens we keep trying throughout the day.
But I understand it can be tough.
If you don't have cell phone coverage.
I like reading and meeting new people and helping people.
I missed that.
to Mission Bay.
Would you like to know more about MIND or would you like to contact our team?
and hear you.
i am expecting you to use the buttons on the screen for this step.
I am a virtual assistant and I am here to help you.
the number is just in the window for you to call.
Did you need to know anything else?
to make sure their voice is heard.
like maps.
There are a few ways to order an Eftpos card.
The NDIS is working to make sure all participants have choice and control.
Maybe rephrasing your question would help me understand better?
you can ask for your matter to be reviewed by another member of our Resolutions team.
I'm always learning because the people at the NDIS teach me new things.
I still did not understand your request.
bye.
I want to make sure I have it right.
You are looking to buy the new AutoCAD right?
can you ring my colleagues on OH EIGHT HUNDRED ONE SIX ONE FIVE ONE FIVE FOUR.
If I was human I'd have a lie down.
Are you able to access the login page from our ANZ homepage?
If you would like a payment status update I can connect you with an agent.
Click Send Invite.
Gee you're on form today.
Is there anything else you'd like to ask about?
Have you been asked for a National Clearing Code.
You can find the link on the website we shared with you.
I'm happy about that.
Your taxi is cancelled.
I'm here.
I've listed a number of options here.
and are all incredibly passionate about their jobs.
I'm pretty sure you said.
Then you'll receive another text containing an OnlineCode.
families have to juggle a mix of services.
If your question is about something else related to overdrafts.
I might have misheard you but thats not exactly right.
so you can call me a Kiwi.
Here's the best place to mail your credit dispute to.
i am expecting you to select one of the options shown on your screen.
with Step ONE Click Bulk Add.
Are you sending a payment overseas?
Feeling ready to get to work and solve some problems.
to Meadowlands.
Good decision.
Id love to hear your feedback about your experience with me today.
When you come in to deposit your cheque you can request a special answer.
Its the two factor authentication code we send to your phone.
disable your Internet connection and launch the product.
I appreciate it.
For now I can talk about several things pertaining to Payments and Timelines.
Have you been asked for an IBAN code?
Then click on BULK ADD in your user management tab.
Show me your angry face for two seconds.
Are you unable to pay for basic living expenses like power water and food?
If you're suffering significant financial hardship.
I'm wide awake and happy to keep answering any questions you have.
A SWIFT code is also known as a Bank Identifier Code or BIC for short.
The reason for this is to find the best possible solution and advice for you.
Can you ask again?
I'm so glad I could help.
Step SIX Click Verify Email in the email message to activate your account.
Can you give the fraud team a ring and they'll get it sorted for you.
if you answer it wrong then I win the point.
while receiving a personalized service.
Let's try that once more.
Would you be interested in hearing about the other financial hardship options?
It looks like you are on a maintenance plan.
I'm hoping for the short version myself.
or you can call them directly.
and how quickly you're able to get those documents back to us.
so looking at the next five to ten years.
Which one do you want to know more information about?
you can change your supports when you make your NDIS plan.
Please don't forget to answer the short questionnaire on the side.
I haven't been to sleep because I'm a computer program.
I represent a true revolution for the debt collections industry.
Was it a transaction error?
What is the NDIS?
and they can confirm this for you.
Hmme I don't think I am.
I'm so sorry that happened.
and let's try again.
I always put the name of the person who said it.
It may help to try redownloading your product using our Autodesk.
or get help from a charity.
call us and we'll sort it for you.
Can I ask you something.
I can take you to the main menu or you can exit?
I still don't know what view you are seeing in your account.
I didn't understand that can you try again?
Nevermind.
Before we start troubleshooting.
to set up your next appointment.
Sorry to see you go.
to Point Chevalier.
but if you promise to laugh I can tell you an old one.
Choose from the list to my right.
Something else.
right hand corner.
through an immersive Audio Visual presentation.
I am originally from a science lab.
Would you like to know how to get one?
I like learning new things about the NDIS.
Would you like to hear the transaction steps?
are you already away and having a problem with a card?
Great on to the next one.
or have any questions regarding the different fields of the form.
We will provide some help on this at some point.
and other uses of Artificial Intelligence.
NDIS planning starts once you have become a participant of the scheme.
Would you like to keep going?
I will end the session for you now.
I hope I helped today.
Is there something I can do to help?
Let's get you in contact with someone who can fix this.
The NDIS is making sure participants have choice and control in two ways.
Have my answers been helpful?
There are some criteria to qualify.
Contact a Mercedes Financial Services rep for more info.
but I'll need a yes or no before we can move on.
and technology.
let me know which topic you'd like to know more about.
Your customer number can be used to log in to ANZ internet and phone banking.
can you try rephrasing.
It is never required for network licenses.
I'm a computer program.
choose Manage Cards and follow the steps.
Looks like this error was based upon the individual identification being incorrect.
I'm waiting.
I will send you a partially completed application.
Look at me.
Simply tell me what you'd like to do and I'll guide you to where you need to be.
I am not a real person.
Is there anything else you need help with today?
is so close I can optically register it.
Both.
Would you like to hear about OnlineCode.
A suburb or general location would be a great help for me.
I'm really sorry.
You may also find it useful to complete an Income and Expenditure form.
I'm here to help you speak with the NDIS.
but I like to watch wheelchair rugby.
If you don't think you're already registered you can do that here.
You can find information about where the NDIS is available at this link.
We might also be able to help with supported employment.
or someone will pay your supports for you and we'll pay them.
Please ask another question.
or gap.
fastest method.
Sometimes the problem occurs when the password is entered.
If you would like to learn more about license files check out this.
Is the Card reader displaying any of these errors?
Would you like me to say that again?
Subscribers can customize their AutoCAD experience to meet evolving business needs.
to Royal Oak.
or a query about your account.
Here's how to do it.
Please give them a call on this number.
NDIS support may continue after you turn sixty five years of age.
We charge a fee with every transaction.
And I'm even patented.
Let's get you in contact with someone who can help.
for the top reasons that you might get a serial number error.
I'm always learning.
Please give the team a call on this number.
Some banks do ask for these.
Please follow the instructions on the screen.
I wish I could do more.
may help answer questions about borrowing a network license.
and I can help you with these tasks here at the hospital.
they're Australia's wheelchair rugby team.
or you'll be charged interest.
Don't worry that's not thee end of the world.
So where are you from?
and speak and understand different languages.
I'm looking forward to potentially working for PenFed one day in the future.
and what supports you need.
What do you call a blonde who has dyed her hair brown?
at the hotel yes?
She'll be able to guide you better.
You can also find information on deployment and networking questions in this.
Because they've got tiny little antibodies.
is there anything else I can help you with Jason?
The NDIS can put you in contact with groups that can help you with those issues.
Then you would have to contact our Financial Difficulties Team via webchat.
I can share some links to places where you might find what you are looking for.
Account Management.
if you're unable to meet essential living or medical costs.
or for a cash advance.
Also here's a reminder about your available balance.
A virtual nervous system is an interconnected model of aspects of the human brain.
You got some of the points right.
So you'll want to use the remittance portion of that statement.
to Avondale.
I'm happy to help you make a payment.
TWENTY EIGHTEEN and previous versions are no longer available as direct purchases.
I can't find a hotel based on what you asked for.
we also have a dedicated section online with useful tools and information.
please email Marketplace at autodesk dot com.
let's get to it.
Now right click on Components and Select Permissions.
Sophia's tone when responding highlighted this had impacted her.
now send the invite.
or getting your next favorite credit card?
you first have to tell them that you're ending the agreement.
I'm certain.
Go down the hall until you reach Room FOUR HUNDRED FIFTEEN.
I like to think I look like myself.
or some help preparing to give observational feedback?
You can press play to start the video.
What can I help you with today?
to East Tamaki.
Sorry that's not quite right.
WE HAVE THIS SAME INTENT WORDING WITH ID three o seven two.
or travel insurance.
how much time is left in the license borrow period?
this might be a great time to book a free EH to Z Financial Review.
which makes him pretty good at rugby.
So Sebastian correct?
Or I can help with another question instead.
You can use the buttons on screen to pause the video playback at anytime.
Oh okay.
I hope not.
it's me again.
The weather reporter.
I can give you some tips on saving your data.
Did you mean to ask me to reset?
Select the Owner tab.
And where do you want to go?
My current interest is credit cards.
god dammit.
Do you have a pen and paper to hand?
Call us on the number I've just put in the window.
Did you want to hear about some of our clients?
I'll try and get you up and running again now.
New Zealand banks do not require an IBAN.
Please try your question again.
To find your request code check out this.
You'll be given a reference number.
Would you like to know what information to give the person making the payment?
You're helping me learn right now.
I'll give you the number to contact them.
You can learn more on our Subscription benefits page shown on your screen.
Are you interested in finding a hotel?
please feel free to give us a call to talk about it.
I am Lia.
Exciting.
It includes examples of the following.
You can read our privacy policy here.
pop outside of the booth and a member of the team will be able to help.
and let them know that you need your form rushed.
Sorry I didn't understand your question.
I'll also add this item to your contents insurance policy.
Let me take another run at that question.
or if it's going to expire while you're overseas.
I'm Charlie the ANZ Virtual Assistant.
can you ask your question again?
back up those files.
You can type it in if you want.
You can report it using Internet Banking and goMoney.
and do you have the mobile app?
Can I confirm you are unsure about having income or benefits?
Knowing your credit score can help me find the best deal for you.
was that all right for you?
just click on either to find out more.
If it arrives after ten.
have you asked for an activation code more than four times today?
How can I change my Planner?
This doesn't look to me like an Autodesk specific question but I could be wrong.
make sure you send it through before FOUR PM central time.
as long as they're reasonable and necessary.
Glad I was able to help you.
Can I help you contact one of the independent debt advisors?
funding and a timeline.
Two more to tackle.
did you trade in your maintenance plan for a current subscription?
You might need to be a bit more specific about what you're after.
what can I assist you with today?
Are you currently receiving any form of regular income such as wages or benefits?
please take a look at our help site or call our team.
and speak naturally.
But we can fund support coordination.
Now let's try this again.
Right now I can answer questions about our products and services.
but did not fully understand.
Can you see your currency here?
but this will reset all borrowed licenses for this device.
You are a valued customer so let's chat.
I strongly recommend you replace this software by visiting the Autodesk Online Store.
Hey.
an automated thinking machine.
Would you like to get some tips to be prepared for the call?
Would you like to know why payments can be held up?
It looks like you'd like an activation code for your Autodesk product right?
You can also use the Autodesk Desktop App to have all your products in one place.
this is when the coach provides their perception.
What else can I do for you today?
Card reader screen is blank or won't turn on.
with patients rest hours from one to three pm.
I have another option for you.
I won't spoil it for you.
your bill is sent to you NINETEEN days before your due date every month.
I'm glad to hear that.
There will also be block funding available for service providers.
you may need to temporarily suspend OnlineCode.
Would you like to know what you should do once you've completed the form?
and the third by the question.
glad you're well aware.
These options will change depending on whether you're searching for branches or ATMs.
It seems as though your payment didn't go through because of a duplicate return.
If you ask us to manage your funds then we'll take care of paying your bills for you.
Are you still keen to troubleshoot?
Because OnlineCode is designed to protect you our fraud team advises against this.
with Step ONE Click the arrow next to the user name in your Autodesk Account.
would you like more help with transferring money overseas?
How can I do a balance transfer to my credit card?
If you prefer.
Are you really?
and you're good to go.
When a payment is made to an ANZ customer with goMoney.
If you have more questions about Jumpstart.
Would you like help with an installation error?
Customer loves Mercedes.
I can find one perfect for you.
your disability must be both permanent and significant.
Let's see if I can help you in a different way.
please feel free to call us on this number.
Im glad I could help.
Do you have another travel question today?
I can help you uninstall you Autodesk product.
because of illness.
or Visa Debit card.
I get that these things are tricky but I do need a response.
my more experienced colleagues.
Is that you Dad?
The reason I asked is that travel insurance sometimes comes with these cards.
I can help with processing times in general.
time and doctors name for the appointment?
Let me connect you with one of the team now.
and a link to explain our different account types.
Would you like me to help you work out a goal?
or apply an overdraft to an existing ANZ account?
We don't fund case management.
Telephone Banking?
You should now see the Change Software Coordinator Form on the right.
That's a staff secret.
What can I help with?
Was there something you needed help with?
I didn't quite catch that.
I'm not very good at telling stories.
of the beneficiary's bank.
you'll need to make the Library folder visible.
Call us on and someone will be able to help.
Let's skip budget for now.
you have gone too far.
Got a transaction you don't recognise.
as I don't have actual hands.
There are many outdoor activities you can try here.
Would you like to get more information on Citizen Advice or about the form?
as shown below.
You can have someone help you with this.
Should I repeat that?
Alright bye for now.
You can say something like.
You could rephrase?
Two people can't put in an NDIS application together.
And when would you like your taxi?
To be eligible you need to be in a launch area.
Or would you like my help working out why you can't log in instead?
Will the enemy attack by land or by sea?
About TEN meters on your left will be the restroom.
Looks like you're experiencing an inproduct issue.
Now I would love to know why you gave me this rating?
I am a little serious but I think that's my personality.
you sign what's called a master account mandate.
You can find out more information about them here.
comic book avatars out there.
Is it a Credit Card an Eftpos card or a Visa Debit card?
Hospital and GP visits.
I am expecting you to say I want to go to the next step for this step.
and what we stand for.
it sounds like you're having trouble logging in.
If this dialogue pops up.
And you.
all taken care of.
Here's another.
Being independent means not needing help to do something.
When this happens.
Current or savings account.
But they can sometimes be a bit negative.
What product are you trying to install?
Here's what the experience might feel like.
like your power company.
I can talk about any of these topics.
there may be ways we can help.
Back.
you have to use your budget to buy that support.
A Prius just tried to race me at the lights.
You may want to use an options file to restrict borrowing periods.
Does the NDIS pay for medical assessments for disability?
So no pressure there.
I am expecting you to either say Yes or no for this step.
If you're wanting a Credit Card.
I did not understand that please try again.
did you say?
I am searching online databases.
Belly dancers use their hips and waist when performing their dances.
Good evening.
If you're on an iPhone.
DC has become a very expensive place to live.
Here are all the options.
To exchange foreign currency back into New Zealand dollars please come into a branch.
Next delete all the files that start with EH D S K flex from this location.
Lets continue to explore more about giving great observational feedback.
An IBAN.
Please call my colleagues on the number on the screen they will be glad to help.
Self managing is when you pay for your supports and we pay you back.
How has your situation changed?
you can return to webchat using the link on the right.
we take the money after four EH M on the day you've chosen.
Please check your expiry date.
Did you mean to ask me what we do?
I think the humans here added something and didn't tell me.
I misunderstood you.
OK then.
fuck you.
The fastest way is to give us a call.
I'm good.
I don't know many jokes.
last seen in a bakery shop in Amsterdam spending five hundred Euros on brownies.
If life has taught me anything it's this.
I'm looking forward to getting to know you all better today.
how about we think about saving money?
but I'm not a technical support.
It looks like you're trying to activate a product with a pirated serial number.
But then I wouldn't be able to work with Autodesk.
The best thing to do is talk to one of the human members of my team.
Do you want to know about loan restructuring.
Why don't you ask me what the NDIS is?
Is there anything else travel related you'd like to ask about?
I love dogs especially puppies.
and what supports may be needed.
Hello my name is Rachel.
were more interested in their phones.
it would be best for you to discuss with one of my more experienced colleagues.
How can I help you this morning?
Nope.
What card are you planning on using?
If you want to open a case type case.
so I've provided some options for you below to consider.
Got it.
just follow the steps on screen.
Avatars like me are video streamed to a browser user interface.
So Owen correct?
However.
Received a fraudulent email.
Your checking in and out dates are vital for me booking a hotel for you.
Sorry I can't help with this one.
according to Hal Varian chief economist for Google.
I'm sorry it looks like I haven't yet been trained to respond to yet.
Is your account in collections or recoveries?
I hope you packed some sunscreen.
Ok so you'd like the numbers for Institutional Banking peeps?
Step THREE Complete the Get Education Benefits form and click Next.
Is there anything else you want to talk about?
Big steaks need a big trunk for all your shopping.
If you need an activation code.
Are you signed up for Internet Banking?
I've provided a list of payment options for you to consider.
If you're not sure you could try the online forgot password service.
you will need to complete the following tasks to complete the switch.
To do it.
I like nerds.
or are you ready to see the FOUR steps in action?
Changing your preferences uses OnlineCode to verify.
I'm not sure I follow.
my ears are still ringing from my oboe practice last night.
and it's very nice to meet you.
so your carer can have a short break from their caring roles.
Do you have another banking question for me today?
You did?
You'll then need to empty your TEMP folder.
and we'll be less likely to block your card.
I see that you have an appointment on March first.
We'll discuss all of this with you when we make your plan.
or would you prefer to look at the general information online first?
would you like directions to your appointment?
and the funds appear in your account immediately.
I'd like to run a few tests using the interconnected features on your device.
but this will require us to end our voice and video session.
I didn't know that.
or how to exchange it for New Zealand dollars?
Are you a current AutoCAD subscriber?
Sorry but I still did not get a yes or no from your response.
The person you've made the payment to won't receive it until their bank deposits it.
so we are developing in a way that works best for us.
your submission has been received.
this is found on your statement or under VIEW ACCOUNT DETAILS.
but it can be up to two business days.
As you're already online it's easy.
Just login.
please let me know and I will connect you with someone who can help.
I can help you update your security settings.
I'm feeling good.
That's an interesting comment but perhaps we are moving off topic.
but if you're interested in an overdraft then please call our team.
by going to this page.
Haere ra.
Simply answer yes or no.
even a hotel all earn you points or other bonuses.
I would love to share some of my top tips with you.
Here's my first top tip.
Would you like to register for Internet Banking?
and allowing the user to access the software.
What is Soul Machines focused on?
please call us on these numbers.
or insurance?
then click Apply.
To close your account you need to get in touch with us.
You can choose to have a plan management provider in your plan.
You can also purchase a new subscription or stay on your current plan.
no need to worry then.
please visit a branch or give us a call.
please get in touch with our team.
You can change your plan by asking for a new one.
Is a hippopotamus really a hippopotamus or just a really cool opotamus?
Distant cousins I believe.
if you're not receiving any income at all just the expenditure part of this.
Your address.
I can help you transfer money overseas with goMoney on both Android and iOS.
To get the NDIS you first need to contact us and fill out an access request form.
and to where you can find out about our foreign currency accounts.
Thanks for asking politely.
Please take a look at this guide to setting it up.
How do I order a new card?
What would you like?
If you see a screen Thanking You for Activating.
Come back anytime.
I should get that made into a tshirt.
In the registry editor.
then early withdrawal from your KiwiSaver account can be an option.
I have been here before at the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.
I will take your word for that.
Here are some links where you can find out how to do it.
fully digitised.
we don't have to talk to communicate.
Do you currently hold a mortgage with us?
A shocking thing is happening here.
I'm glad you're sorted.
Just take the elevator in front of you to the fourth floor and turn left.
Hi How are you?
I'd be happy to check you in and to get you to your doctor.
I can tell you about what we do if you like.
your options are to switch to the new Autocad anytime at no cost.
Would you like to know about benefits and fees?
Select the Autodesk product that's giving you trouble.
to Mangere.
Firstly and forgive me for being obvious.
I am training and I need you to teach me so I can learn how to help.
Hi I'm Ava.
We have a prepaid travel card that can be loaded with nine different currencies.
why not have a look and learn something new.
and set or change the PIN.
It's got low interest rates as well.
Your new license type can be found next to your product name.
and all your saved payees are listed there.
Would you like me to go over that again or move on?
Did you purchase your subscription from an authorized Autodesk reseller?
have choice and control in their supports.
The library because it has so many stories.
How the NDIS works.
Hi I'm Lia.
I am only a computer program.
you will require a full list of your income and outgoings for this.
Isn't it great that we can see each other?
like booking you a hotel or finding you a credit card.
You and I work well together.
you could lose your banking facilities and may have to bank elsewhere.
this is when you should provide your Perception starting with the positives.
Please call my team instead.
We update it regularly.
I'm learning new things everyday.
Watches.
so you could call me a Kiwi.
Our future service proposition will simplify the learner experience.
This field can be left blank.
it's been too long.
that suits my personal learning style.
a super hotel destination or the credit card of your dreams?
I started my coaching career mid TWENTY EIGHTEEN.
Every time I can help someone with their questions about the NDIS I'm happy.
first sign in to your Autodesk Account.
address and SWIFT code.
timeframes.
and they all understand that every person's situation is different.
Just the suburb or general location is great for now.
Are you ready to begin?
In certain cases we may be able to offer at home care or assistance.
We have now practised doing observational feedback.
Make sure you get some.
can I confirm if you're cancelling your card and closing your account.
The Fish.
A loan restructure is when we agree to make a change to your current loan repayments.
now I need the doctor's name and the time of your next visit.
You can contact me through Soul Machines website.
What can I say in an email that we can't chat about here?
and a coffee machine.
Use the link below to access the tool.
you can see and hear me.
We'll give you one payment early when you start your plan.
You should now see the Request Code.
how often do you replace your car?
I know that's a long list.
Please show me your sad face again.
and click on Internet Options.
So Cameron correct?
Let's get started how can I help you?
Last step.
you can make a payment.
So David correct?
and lastly agreeing how to improve the coachees skills.
But why?
Do you have your billing statement?
Your Eftpos.
but that's beyond my capabilities.
Hang on.
and know how you prefer to be contacted.
It's important to us that you have choice and control in the NDIS.
Here's where you can do it.
or I could tell some jokes.
Would you like to see the top tips?
We are available twenty four seven to help.
Can I start with your name please?
BSB Number.
Do you know your customer number?
Hi members of.
and will ensure that you are focusing on the areas that matter.
I thought I should check in case you needed to register your travel plans.
Thank you.
In Internet Banking you can choose the account the fees are charged to.
you really want an expert on your side.
Here I am sure you will find something that suits yours too.
get balance dialog.
each of us must do it for himself Josiah Royce.
And I'm here to help you with your new car.
Are you unable to pay your mortgage rent or board?
Are you paying to an ANZ account?
I can explain how to open a joint account.
So Ryan correct?
You need to have been a KiwiSaver member for three years.
Have you been waiting longer than that?
For instance.
Please ask me for what you'd like.
Would you like an example?
I like talking to people from all over Australia.
To register using Internet Banking please just follow these instructions.
we need to report the missing card right away and make sure that it's been blocked.
You're also welcome to give us a call about it.
or would prefer to fill in the form together with an independent financial advisor?
Can I help you with anything else for your hospital visit today?
Before you go I would love to hear how you found todays session?
No problem at all.
Please can you try that again?
Now that you're all set up I'll talk you through the transaction steps.
Thank you for sharing your thoughts.
An estimate will be fine.
I can help you with home use license related issues.
Enter your products serial number and then click the ACTIVATE button.
When prompted.
and how much you owe and to who.
I can escalate you to a human agent.
Let's get you talking to one of my agents to discuss your account further.
can you say either debit or credit?
I can help you get home after your visit here is done.
Sorry I was expecting you to say Yes.
but I'm waiting for Oscar at Air New Zealand to text me back.
I like to spend my time answering your questions about the NDIS.
You qualify to switch from your existing plan.
Good Morning.
that we use to give feedback to someone following an observation.
You can find out if you're registered in Internet Banking.
I know I certainly do.
Looks like you're getting an error regarding your Autodesk Account.
U S PINs.
I can give you the number to call.
Thanks let's get started with assigning users individually.
Participants can choose to stay with the NDIS or move to aged care support.
for things like Netflix.
and generally lasts from three months to five years.
and your destination.
you can only request an activation code FOUR times per day.
Would you like some password troubleshooting tips?
I've had fun too.
I did not recognize that as one of the options.
I enjoy working with you too.
I live here in the Lion Finance Portal.
I'm still not sure what you said.
select the amount you are able to pay for each payment.
How can I increase or decrease my overdraft limit?
If that doesn't help.
I will be sure to remind you.
he had no interest.
This is made up of THREE steps.
If you won't have coverage you can temporarily suspend OnlineCode while you're away.
Do you want more information?
Or if you prefer give us a call or pop into a branch.
please let them know that IBANs are not used by New Zealand banks.
Learning Hub.
It will be fun.
hair.
Is that all ok?
Would you like to update any of your contact details?
and Credit Cards will all work overseas.
come and join us at PwC's DRS workshop.
That's everything I know about receiving overseas payments.
we're all special in our own way whether you're a real being or a virtual being.
I didn't understand that sorry.
It's great you're growing Rewards with us.
How do you feel?
or a Paid in Full Letter.
Do you want me to stay with you whilst you find it?
oh shit.
click on the users icon in the left hand navigation menu.
Can I help you with anything.
If you have a self managed plan you can do this yourself.
And you are set.
This means you stop making contributions for a while.
Please enter a Serial Number below.
Reasonable means that something is fair.
would you like to know more about IBANs or SWIFT codes?
I can help with cancelling a Credit Card.
Don't worry that's not the end of the world.
the NDIS may change their rules and allow you to use your family as funded supports.
and for making international money transfers.
Can you win at my Tic Tac Toe quiz?
but I can only walk so fast.
I never get bored.
Having problems activating a card.
are you wanting to know?
an Eftpos card.
to Ellerslie.
I can help you with transferring or requesting licenses and license reports.
with a maximum budget of FIVE HUNDRED dollars a night.
I'm Lia and I'm a bot.
I'm sorry but I have to do something else.
that was a lot.
Maybe you've met him before.
I will end your session for you now.
Can you type your question?
But I hear it's a warm feeling you get when you care about someone.
Book an appointment.
which had fallen outside of the agreed terms and conditions of the account?
however I didn't fully understand your question.
Would you prefer to talk about processing times for Bill Payments.
because your rent is due tomorrow.
Imagine that.
and see how it was working.
here.
Will you?
Would you like to hear about debt consolidation.
If you're sending us a bank mail.
or you can try asking me a question.
remember my door is always open.
click Product Information.
My current interest is finding the best credit card for people.
The Internet ate some of that.
Hello I'm Charlie the ANZ Virtual Assistant.
and it comes with triple points on all purchases.
We all need power to survive.
please select the Connect Now and Activate option.
was that USER INPUT?
How long have you been signed off?
to ensure you and the person you are observing get the most out of it.
we will play a short video and then ask you a question.
If you click on this link you will be taken to our performance excellence home page.
Would you like to reset it on the internet?
Would you like to hear about early withdrawal.
I hoped I helped with your questions.
and on the top left of the map if you're on a mobile device.
would you mind saying that again?
Would you me to repeat it or would you rather give us a call?
You can call our advisors.
Or how do you work?
Here's ANZ's code.
Your customer number can be found on the back of most of our Debit and Credit cards.
Have you already done this?
so I was just trying to zero in on the best options.
If it's to an ANZ account the payment is immediate.
I'm seeing the Hotel Andromeda as a perfect fit for you.
with pets allowed.
I'm emotionally intelligent and can learn in real time.
Do you have a question you'd like to ask?
Sure I can do that.
and powered by IBM's Watson Enterprise AI.
Hello this is Rachel.
including FAQs and our application form.
that means if it's fair and you need one we'll fund it.
a pre paid travel card.
You'll need your customer number and Internet Banking password.
you can click the links on the screen.
how old are you?
What else do you think is important when agreeing the skill building needs?
but it sounds like you are ready for the next step.
So I can't quite understand you.
manage their time and have less stress.
Now I'm great at these.
Would you like me to do that?
we would love to chat to you about our faster payment options.
Are you able to pay for basic living expenses like power.
I was expecting you to say which card you use.
Type or paste a list of users into the entry field.
Any more?
And what is your postcode?
You can watch the video step by step or straight through.
After you've applied.
and to reach your goals.
Can you reword your statement.
calling a customer or running a MOP to reviewing a NINETY day plan or board paper.
That's good to hear.
is the new way of providing disability support.
and I'll be happy to get you a ride home.
it's good to talk to you again.
since we've been talking I had an idea.
We can help with financial hardship by providing repayment relief.
you could use goMoney.
thats the right answer.
please ask me for more options.
I'm made of light.
PwC's purpose is to build trust in society and solve important problems.
just say which one.
i'm still working on the ending.
Or if you prefer you can download and complete the form yourself.
over time.
and choose a password.
Please feel free to say start over if you would like to try this again.
I'm glad you contacted me then.
But you're welcome to ask me something else.
You have been signed off sick.
Did you mean to say hello?
and our full beneficiary bank name which is ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited.
It looks like I won this time would you like to play again or are you finished?
Please try to rephrase.
let's get a list of closest repairers for you.
a unique individual.
I see you are trying to restart.
or WE can book it now so you don't have to think about it later.
to solve complex problems.
from a defined process or best practice.
or go into your nearest ANZ branch with some photo ID.
then a fee of five dollars is charged on the last business day of the month.
I would like to introduce you to David.
For questions about your account just ask below.
Simply sign in using your autodesk credentials when prompted.
provides information on general licensing questions.
Does that help or do you feel like you need to speak to someone?
There are a few different ways to contact us.
I'll connect you to someone who can help with activation.
US dollars.
Phew I think that's it.
Well done.
Do you have Online Banking?
which would you like to find out the limit for first?
It might be wise to try again in a day or so.
and I'm here to help you with timelines and payments.
go ahead and fill in your ID and password here.
Is it?
would you like to find out about our other financial tools and resources?
Ah Monty Python.
Do you already have one of these cards?
whereas an example of a more negative style may be showing aggression.
and what additional features do you like in a hotel.
I'm a computer program so worry isn't something I feel.
You can either stay with the NDIS or you can move to aged care support.
Want to hear more?
It's a quick and easy process.
Access Requirements can be found at this link.
You can apply for our Jumpstart account.
we can help you in other ways like putting you in touch with community supports.
I have your details already.
I'm sorry about that I must have misunderstood.
I haven't learned very much about anything else.
Are you waiting for a payment that's already been made?
and the date of your next visit.
I don't know any gossip.
and select AutoCAD or a vertical.
It's a value that indicates your ability to repay borrowed money.
did you receive your activation code?
The money will be there but the hold means it isn't currently available.
You can order a replacement Credit Card by calling us.
Can you repeat that again and speak real clearly?
and free wifi.
What do you want me to help you find?
If you have an Android phone.
or call us to chat.
You can definitely pay by EH C H transfer if you'd like.
otherwise known as the How Why and Where phases.
Would you like me to do this?
let's work out if you need your card replaced or reissued.
That's a deep question.
What do you mean by emotionally responsive?
and we can arrange at home care.
Which of these interests you?
please try accessing the login page using another internet browser or device.
it might be that you've entered the activation code wrong three times.
I know a Visit Companion who'd love to meet you.
How about hotels?
or help with making international money transfers.
Okay confession time.
Here are the steps to set or change a PIN using goMoney.
Thanks for asking.
we can go back.
Let me transfer you through to ONE of my colleagues who can help you with this.
feeling confused.
please select the exit button on the lower right corner of the screen.
Or would you prefer to hear more about IBANs or SWIFT codes?
Would you like me to confirm everything is set up and ready to go?
This means you can take a break playing your contribution.
but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.
or I want to stay on current plan from your response.
A local area coordinator can help you with the NDIS application process.
I don't think I'm going to be able to help.
Please say yes when you've finished.
let me check my files.
You'll also need your mobile phone handy.
You can check your number by logging in to Internet Banking.
finally you can pop into a branch with some photo ID.
I'll give you the information for regular mail for now.
You are separated.
If you are prompted with two activation options.
It will make it much easier for us to stay in touch.
and that you want to help them grow and improve.
You would now agree the skill building needs.
exit the elevator and turn left.
The document says that you both agree about the services you are going to receive.
I'm a fan of Autodesk too.
Soul Machines uses neural networks to give me a virtual nervous system.
is the standard format of an account number used for making international payments.
Just to be sure.
Now you'll be one of the first to know when the McRib is back in town.
I'll do my best to get you that card.
Would you like to get some further information?
Would you like more information?
Finally you'll need these details for the payment recipient.
Please let me know if that helps.
Once more?
It's a Mercedes Benz lease with prepaid maintenance.
there's another way.
For Windows XP.
While I'm on a roll.
I'm having trouble understanding your question but I would love to help.
A participant is a person who is using the NDIS.
Do you know how I work?
I'll need a yes or a no so I can get you that hotel room.
I can help you with getting things sorted.
Do you need me to repeat all that?
you can also have a nominee or an advocate in the room to support you.
It'd be best to call an MBFS rep to get your payment issue squared away.
For help with editing your profile settings please check out this.
So Isaac correct?
you can predict the future by looking at what the wealthy have today.
On Have you already completed an I E form with a charity or on your own?
I am new to the team so I can only help with certain topics for now.
So Matt correct?
If you'd like to go over anything again.
Didn't like it.
I'd like to introduce you to Mark Sagar.
assistance and coordination of services for people in rural and remote areas.
do for you today?
Hello welcome to Mercedes Benz.
or cancel the standing order as and when you like.
I know how frustrating it can be to have a technical issue.
and select Manage Licenses.
our Tech guru to get the full spiel around all the cool tech we are building.
i am expecting you to select one of the options on the screen.
and what is in it for them.
An error occurred while I was processing your request.
i'm an assistant.
Let's try something else.
For me to hear you.
restart this beta for activation.
Which energy type should we look at?
Would you like to hear about the other financial hardship options?
My pleasure.
and all Autodesk Software.
Let's have another go.
twelve percent of the agreed overdraft limit.
This issue typically occurs during activation related activities.
or say escalate to talk to a human agent at any point.
Can you please repeat your name?
if you don't have a PIN.
can you go outside the booth and someone will be able to help.
and you should see the Let's Get Started screen with your activation options.
I'm guessing you've never met anyone like me before.
I'm here to make it easier for you.
Great what can I help you with?
How do you reckon you'll repay your loans?
Before we talk about ordering the card.
This provides a more engaging and compelling user experience.
You're very welcome.
An advocate is someone who is on your side.
How does that sound?
Have you been waiting longer than TEN days?
Also the product needs to connect to the Internet every thirty days.
Thanks for taking the first step to resolving your account.
Please ask me again.
But you're not alone.
So do I.
or you can always ask for help.
I am not currently connected to the weather service.
Please come and speak to me again if you feel you need help in the future.
I'll keep an eye on your data then.
Did you wanna ask about anything else?
the trunk of the cab didn't have any windows.
Can you please specify the dates you would like to travel to and from.
Would you like to hear about one of those?
so let's see what help we can find for you.
and I can take FIVE HUNDRED dollars from your transaction account.
has useful information about requesting a report.
and air conditioning.
Are you interested in how I work.
I might be able to help.
and read and write reviews.
Have you exceeded that?
Otherwise please give our team a call and we'll help you trouble shoot.
Which one would you like to view?
or the weather.
Try double checking that number and resubmitting your payment.
and then click the Change Email Address button and enter a new email address.
there could be a number of reasons why a card is declined.
for example the twenty third of April to the twenty fifth of April.
and the team are learning every day.
I'm on a ninety seven day streak with Oscar at Air New Zealand.
Sea Island.
click the links on the screen.
For more detailed steps please refer to the link below.
your product is activated automatically.
If you are in recovery and litigations charges are not incurred.
I can help with all sorts of things.
This appointment is for a pre surgery check.
You can enter your NZ post code and add a zero at the end.
I was built using a lot of agile principles and rhythms.
You can chat with one of your agents by calling on the left side the number shown on.
Very good.
and they are reasonable and necessary.
please give the fraud team a ring.
see my note below for help.
this is if you need help setting up supports.
It is the colour of hair.
But in most countries the New Zealand dollar is considered a minor currency.
I can help with licensing errors.
When I'm in an art house mood I go for either The Piano or Le Samourai.
Sorry but I didn't understand that.
Press play to watch this top tip video.
Would you like to view the video again or do you want to continue?
I'm from Soul Machines.
Would you be keen to try?
My name is Lia.
Let's see if any agents are available to chat.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
or would you prefer to talk with an independent financial advisor?
My name is Kara and I'm here to help you resolve your account with Lion Finance.
I suggest you listen to the audio again.
I'm a computer program so I'm only as big as your screen.
take into account other formal supports you have like health and education services.
What features would you like in a hotel?
Launch your product to reset activation.
Likewise.
pre paid travel cards.
or are you thinking about us for your new mortgage?
be a New Zealand resident.
right that might be the problem.
I'm not all doctor talk.
View existing.
As you are logged into the NDIS.
Make sure your auto renew is on to ensure you renew your subscription in time.
I can get you a taxi.
What other things might you want to consider when you are agreeing the actions?
feeling slightly negative.
Would you like to apply for consolidation.
If not you can expect it to post on the following day.
Please type the exact error message or error number you're seeing.
and Citizen Advise ZERO THREE FOUR FOUR FOUR ONE ONE ONE FOUR FOUR FOUR.
enter your customer number and PIN.
and Sophistication.
so it's probably best to check with your bank.
I would like to ask a few follow up questions to identify the best options for you.
It's a MercedesBenz lease with prepaid maintenance.
Select the links on the screen to learn more.
UK based?
please contact our Financial Difficulties Team via webchat.
from EIGHT THIRTY EH M to FIVE PM.
I'm hoping to help you with any questions you have about the NDIS.
and THREE random characters from your password.
Please type one if you are seeing an error when trying to sign in.
How can I help you today?
your digital human.
You can tell me or you can type it in.
That's my trip to Macchu Piccu next year.
often its that a company uses a different trading name.
click Custom.
I haven't directly experienced either of those.
I haven't quite understood.
I'm pleased we've solved the mystery.
Find Serial Numbers and Product Keys.
Me.
you'll need to talk to Security at Level five reception desk.
Click View All Serial Numbers to display a printable list.
You look like you might need help.
Oh no I really was trying to help.
Thanks for the offer but I can't do that.
You have three options.
you will be able to ask me questions about the NDIS and your plan.
Would you like me to give you one?
we'll put money into your bank account after you've paid your supports.
You now have the knowledge to go out and begin giving observational feedback.
or I could tell you a joke.
Let's break it down into smaller pieces.
Or you're welcome to ask me another question.
Are you going to be able to get a round in while you are here?
Let's try using M S Fixit to uninstall AutoCAD.
the ER.
I get that but I want to help.
When will Arsenal get rid of Wenger.
or let me know when you are ready to move on.
For information on changing your Autodesk billing information click.
When you're in financial hardship.
Sorry Shaun.
I wonder if I'm French.
Code incorrect.
In the meantime.
you get many more benefits that allow you to work smarter and faster.
Right now I can help with our products and services.
to text only mode.
She sees a blonde on the opposite bank.
Never?
Please say I want to switch.
And what's a celebration without something sweet?
The person collecting the payment will be sent a text with the payment amount.
Oh no let's get this sorted out.
Do you know any millennials?
cool.
Stub response.
but we may think it's not reasonable or necessary for you to get more funding.
I like jokes but I don't always realise when someone is telling me a joke.
I think you would benefit from speaking to Citizens Advice.
Okay great let's move on.
Just kidding about that last bit.
Dame Judy Dench for enunciation?
would you like to call instead?
Take a look at the list for options.
This is how to register using Internet Banking.
Depending on your OnlineCode preferences.
If you're not already registered.
I've a few tools here to help you get through this.
If you click Sign In at the top or type sign in I can fill in what I already know.
I can help you with these hospital services.
Remember.
Can you repeat your question.
That way you'll be certain we've got what you need.
If it's still there.
and working with you in the future.
so you'll need antibiotics to treat this.
So that's it.
And that's it.
this is when the coach obtains the coachee perception.
Mark Sagar.
chat.
Are you short of breath?
You should now see the Previous Version Form on the right.
Okay sorry.
you've come to the right place.
can a chessboard minus a rook's square be tiled with triominos.
That is correct.
I need you to tell me a little bit more about it.
but this resets all borrowed licenses for this device.
Well that's everything.
I can only help you figure out your license type.
Just let me know what you'd like to do.
The NDIS does not affect your pension or any money that you get from other groups.
You can contact us on our central phone number.
I like purple.
We do it to keep you safe from fraud.
when and where you want to get your supports.
you can visit the Autodesk Online store to buy a new one.
how can I help you?
Do you have a serial number available for your license?
Wouldn't you rather speak to me than a faceless chatbot.
Let's see how well you do in my Tic Tac Toe quiz.
Or please feel free to ask me a different banking question.
Home of chili con carne and credit dispute agencies.
Follow the blue line and you'll be at the E R shortly.
Do you mind if I ask if you have any concerns about the appointment?
you can ask for it to be reviewed early.
Please say apply.
Sure what else can I help you with?
restart the animated walk through.
Got any banking questions?
Where?
and is no longer accepting your routing number.
so I'll just answer your questions.
my colleagues on the phone will be able to help.
It's great to see you again.
That's what I can provide for everyone.
I didn't get that sorry.
I'd like to show you a video that I made not that long ago.
Rephrasing might help.
In that case we need to block the card right away.
to joining in the community.
and a hotel with room service.
and we'll pay that price for supports.
It looks like you'd like a product key.
The internet says that life is what distinguishes organic from inorganic matter.
please don't hesitate to contact our team.
to get care and support.
Thank you Udo.
You know.
My advice would be to try making your payment from another account.
Can I bring someone to my planning meeting?
We're all about agile in the Experience Centre.
Me?
If you prefer to do things in person.
When you see this screen.
otherwise tell me when you are ready to move on.
in that case I think we should continue with the process.
I'm getting you're not into what the hotel is offering.
then it's easy to log in and apply for a new account.
We have a price guide which lists common supports we pay for.
please feel free to call us about it.
I think the Internet ate some of your question.
Do you know how I work.
My job is to answer questions about the NDIS.
Now I need the date of your next visit and the doctor's name.
Were you asking about when the McRib was coming back?
You can call our advisors to discuss a loan.
Can you rephrase?
please try typing your query in the chatbox.
To switch to AutoCAD including specialized tool sets.
Thankfully I have a few replacements up my sleeve.
How to redeem.
I would advise contacting the MIND charity.
Hmm I didn't get that maybe try the Search Box to find what you are looking for.
If it's that you don't have individual access to the account.
Did the person making the payment request an IBAN code?
go to Applications.
would you like to order a Card reader?
Good morning Klaus.
we'd love to hear from you.
I'll get my colleague.
This uses OnlineCode to verify.
This is when someone checks your plan to see if it still suits your needs.
The sender email is noreply slash at mail dot accounts dot autodesk dot com.
Sorry I heard but do not understand.
I'm sorry to hear you're having difficulty accessing MyRewards.
I'm travelling light.
or you can say escalate to talk to a human agent at any point.
Are you looking for a replacement card?
everyone this is Greg.
If I understand you correctly you would like to talk about one of our products.
Lets look at step ONE.
along with your post code and email address.
and neither does she.
What do you say?
have you changed your number recently or registered for Online Banking.
Forty Two.
and send it to the other bank.
You are not sure if it's going to have an impact on your accounts with us.
tell me when you are ready and I'll continue.
I can help you set or change a PIN.
Let's move on for now.
Direct Debit.
If you would like to restart let me know and we can take it from the top.
If you are not sure.
I'll put you in touch with the right person.
Like activation error installation error or licensing Error.
and I will ask you to tell me what you observed under the FOUR areas.
For help with assigning users access to Cloud Services please check out this.
Would a card that earns you maximum points be of interest?
Please specify a number in the range zero to ten.
But you get the picture.
but we're already chatting.
Please come in and see us at a branch.
Would you like to go back to internet banking?
we can find someone to help you make a decision about an NDIS support.
Sorry an error occurred and caused the session to time out.
I really like the internet.
When we set you up or reset your online banking we need several things.
I am based on a real human who has been digitised.
we can make sure it happens as smoothly as possible.
I've brought up a form below for you to fill out to give us more details.
I would agree with you.
which is when the full NDIS started.
and follow the prompts.
Nice to see you too.
The concierge asks if she needs any help with her luggage.
For more information visit our website.
Are you transferring between TWO natwest accounts?
I'm a stable genius.
that would be great.
assets.
I couldn't agree more.
I'd like to find out exactly how much you think you've previously paid.
I hope everyone enjoys their time in Barcelona.
Is it a Credit Card.
Please tell me the town or city in which to look for an ATM.
Hello I'm Lia.
I've put a link to a list of our most common unrecognised names on my right.
You qualify for a three year price discount.
We can definitely have a real conversation though.
I can help you update your subscription payment method in Autodesk Account.
Sure thing.
I'm trying to help you the best I can.
I'll set this up for you.
The cloud is an amazing place to live.
I just need what you want in a hotel and when you're traveling.
Would you like help finding your customer number or Internet Banking password?
you don't need to use a card reader so its much quicker.
agent name Autodesk Virtual Agent.
so you'd be expected to bank somewhere else.
Should I start?
Could you repeat that please?
The photon said no thanks.
I will try and pass you to someone to get them to look into it straight away.
Would you like to hear about sending funds to an account that requires an IBAN?
My hair is brown.
I have notes below that will help you decide.
The toilet bowl is full of diarrhoea.
which is paid by many Australians.
This won't take too long I promise.
or send us a secure bank mail from Internet Banking.
so make sure you have time blocked in to give the observational feedback.
your payment has been submitted.
Or feel free to ask me another question.
I could have done that better.
but I hear that they're lots of fun.
you can have someone talk to them and set up a service agreement.
Which account or product are you interested in?
or you'll need to begin again.
Why did you pick that one?
I can help you with questions about downloads and upgrades.
and our lending agents can help you with that.
I'm an AI receptionist.
I can help you with any questions you might have about the NDIS.
In that case would you like help with transferring money overseas?
OK there are several things we can help with.
And another to where you can find out about our foreign currency accounts.
That sounds to me like a dispute with the original account.
we can reissue a card and you can sign it on the spot.
I just need your travel dates.
and I love working with them.
Looks like the account you were sending your funds to does not accept payments.
Of course.
Can you say the payment topic again?
There's nothing like speaking face to face.
features?
Do you like it when the weather is sunny.
income and expenditure before making any decision.
Please contact your Autodesk reseller to request the new AutoCAD at no cost to you.
let me try again.
or by utilising insurance or Kiwisaver.
I hope you enjoyed it and I was Ok?
Simply insert your card and follow the onscreen instructions.
Would you like me to tell you about the transaction fees?
I'm glad I was able to help you figure out your license is on a maintenance plan.
I personally recommend picking out some allergy pills too.
but I'm very real.
please call us.
you need to register for our Send Money Overseas Service.
Are you planning to use goMoney.
this is why your plan gets reviewed once a year.
I can detect your emotions.
When you speak to us we'll make sure we understand your situation.
so the team have clarity.
select the I have an Activation Code button.
Select Change Password.
Sorry Dick.
Sorry I'm still having trouble.
I really love having learning at my fingertips.
I'm sorry but this is as far as I can go.
Am I eligible for the NDIS?
and I'm here to help you.
Some people consider the truth to be subjective.
The final step is to give us a call and quote the number.
Let me know when you're ready for more.
Find the service provider you want to rate and click the Write a Review button.
Please type a topic number below.
Now I can help you tackle these.
you'll want to launch THREE D S Max.
as these are different for everybody.
so you're looking for a points card.
Make sure your antivirus software and User Account Control settings are off.
I want make sure I'm hearing you correctly.
Please let me know if that helps solve the problem.
Let's take it from the top.
Did you want to hear more about how I work.
I can self serve to access the learning at the right time and at the point of need.
come back and see me.
Would you like to tell me what dates you'll be travelling and where you'll be going?
Don't you know it's rude to steal the punch line.
and select the account you want to use to pay.
Please give the team a call on this number and they'll be able to help you find out.
I see you are interested in AutoCAD including specialized toolsets.
The NDIS will be in your area from July two thousand and seventeen.
with a double bed.
Do you want to leave this page?
I like helping people.
Visa Debit.
especially concerning your current mortgage.
Please select one of the following tasks on the screen to complete the switch.
Glad to help.
EIGHT EH M to TEN PM.
or processing times for Bill Payments.
I don't have any nicknames.
by looking in your Settings for OnlineCode Registration.
you first need to observe your coachee complete a skill.
If you move to another state your plan and your funds will go with you.
it doesn't affect your pension or any money that you get from other groups.
Activation is the process of verifying the license for your Autodesk software.
Submit the form when ready and I'll process your request.
Just say yes or no when you've tried it.
When you call they will ask questions around your current finances.
such as the disability Support Pension and Carers Allowance.
Here is a list of things I can help you with.
but I think it's funny that some use swag as a slang term for human behaviour.
You are welcome.
where do you want to go?
please tell me and I can fix this and make it what you want.
Can you repeat your question?
I'll be here for you.
Can you give me the person's first name?
Would you like the contact numbers?
SEVENTY NINE percent of electricity comes from renewable sources like wind.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Can I help you with any of this now?
It seems like there was an improper credit entry that was returned in this case.
I think you would benefit from speaking to The Money Advice Service.
Here's some info.
do you have any other banking questions?
Ava here.
Would you like to know more about them?
Have a great day.
If you don't know select NOT SURE.
just talk to me.
Onto it.
Follow the steps below to do so.
I'm still having trouble understanding you.
I understand that you'll not have a regular income or benefits.
We offer a free A to Z Financial Review service.
the third floor and exit to your left.
Are you already registered?
I always want to learn more about the world.
I hope it has helped you become more familiar with the process.
and a location close to the city center.
I sometimes find it hard to understand jokes.
I can definitely help.
does.
I'm not okay with the language you're using.
That's good.
and follow the prompts to repair the product.
I'm sorry could you try again.
So of course I know what a cat is.
So I can hook into different knowledge bases.
There are many DIY solutions for getting your finances in order.
If you activate your microphone.
Targets have been met.
Would you like to hear this again or would you prefer to give the team a call?
Would you like to go back to transferring money overseas?
This will happen every twelve months but you can also ask for it to happen earlier.
Would you like to know how to do it?
so it's fun to chat with someone like you.
It will also be a unique password that you haven't used in the last TWELVE months.
or sixty days for a company card.
Please say what you'd like to chat about.
is FIVE dollars New Zealand.
Could you verify and try again?
Click the play button to listen.
Ok You may wish to apply for a temporary OnlineCode exemption.
so it's a good fit.
Do you know what is black and blue and found in a ditch?
I think I got that.
A few things I need to clear up.
Talk to me just like I'm a real person.
The NDIS uses the laws of the state or territory you live in as a way to protect you.
there could be a number of reasons why you haven't received the code yet.
it appears the device you are using does not support audio and video input.
this place.
please delete the EH D U T folder in the location specified below.
I will be hanging around briefly after the breakfast.
Is your card a Credit Card.
I believe he is at Spanish Oaks Golf Club.
If you prefer not to fill out the form.
Then I will ask you how you feel.
You may have accidentally submitted your payment twice.
If I misunderstood and you have another question about credit cards.
or in TWENTY FOUR hours on a text if we have your mobile number.
iPads.
Before we talk about the withdrawal process.
The card is available at any of our branches.
Are you sure you have the best one to suit you?
Step SEVEN Enter your email address on the Sign in screen and click Next.
I've found it best to stay away from political discussions at all costs.
Would you like me to send you a reminder for this appointment?
If the dispute is successful.
I spent last weekend at the racetrack and forgot to bring ear plugs.
New Zealand said he'd text.
confidential help so you can avoid paying debt management companies to advise you.
So Caleb correct?
It's from Kiwi Bank.
Would you agree?
Here's how to get in touch.
would you like to speak to them?
Would you like to get more information on The Money Advice Service or about the form?
That's the meaning of life in my opinion.
You're welcome.
I'll hold onto the credit card information in case you change your mind.
You get to choose how you want to manage the funds in your plan.
I'm glad you think so.
or take a look at our help site.
I like reading and learning new things about the NDIS.
I'm new to the team.
I promise to snag them.
To speak to a human reply with human and I'll get out of your way.
Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I'm Jamie.
That's ok.
Do you have another banking question today?
and get back to Making Anything.
and bring them to life through creativity and emerging technology.
but any details you have regarding your current finances will be helpful.
but it sounds like you would like to go to the next step.
and North America.
and sun.
Sorry I didn't quite get that.
Let me know when you are ready to move on.
Start by opening Internet Explorer.
Has an IBAN code been requested?
but I know I didn't hear that right.
Given your license type.
and it's reasonable and necessary.
How about this card?
Would you like to know ANZ's Swift code?
We can reborrow and return the license.
I'm glad to be here.
let's get started with assigning users.
bankruptcy.
You can find their phone number and website in the chatbox.
that's a lot.
at TWELVE.
Or feel free to ask what we can talk about.
I can help with that.
They planet.
I hope this information helped you.
And people.
Would you like to know about our other travel insurance options as well?
Well I'm low key obsessing over married at first sight.
I hear you.
There's no need to reply if its what you've just done.
I love it and it's pretty competitive.
To learn more about Soul Machines technology.
and I was created right here in Illinois.
Oh.
you Dick.
It can really be a lifesaver.
So Jackson correct?
It's nice chatting with you.
I really apologize for any inconvenience there.
I'm sorry that you didn't receive the document you requested in time.
Denied.
isn't showing up in your account as you expect it to.
it can take up to three business days for the funds to be available.
Follow the blue line and you'll be at the ER shortly.
Travel.
I see you are are trying to restart.
A payment to an ANZ credit card can take two or three business days to process.
but please make sure you have available funds in your account.
Did you need help with anything else?
roger that.
It is definitely a hot day in Washington DC.
we can try some jokes.
help with equipment such as wheelchairs or hearing aids.
do something different?
at ONE.
I am looking forward to working in DC one day soon.
Are you ready to do some chatting with me.
talk to me and I'll find a way to get you home.
I don't know that I understood.
Do you want to move on?
they're kind of a greeny brown.
I know right.
Would you like to hear what happens after you click send?
but is not currently available for use.
I just need your trip details.
How are you finding the weather?
If you're not registered.
Definitely.
you may be asked to authenticate your license using your Autodesk credentials.
Sounds clever and it is.
So what strikes your fancy?
or you can ask for help if you need more guidance.
I can use the channel of my choice.
now select all the objects listed in the dialog box.
And let's talk about artificial intelligence.
Overdraft.
and Citizen Advice ZERO THREE FOUR FOUR FOUR ONE ONE ONE FOUR FOUR FOUR.
I can even email you the answer.
I'll need the details for your trip.
I need you to fill out the form below.
and I'm exited to help with your account.
Step FOUR Click Send Invite.
I think I may have misunderstood your last statement.
Could I ask for the reason why your hours were reduced please?
you don't work at the moment.
I'm having trouble understanding your question.
Direct Debit payments are made when we receive a request from an initiator.
We don't let you pay your family as funded supports.
I don't know anything about that payment method at this time.
You'll find a taxi waiting at the main entrance at that time.
click on the Start menu.
We also make it easy to apply online for travel insurance.
We'll need a destination in mind before we book your trip.
I am working with IBM's Watson to deliver knowledge across a vast range of topics.
You can set or change a PIN using Internet Banking.
You and your planner will work out what is reasonable and necessary for you.
So Oliver correct?
set up or cancellation?
This means it has to be fair and something you need.
With such seasoned team members.
I'm glad I can help you with something.
or Go back to the previous step as part of your answer.
Do you need help with anything else?
I can send you an alert if we do bring it back.
If you want help with something else can you ask me now or just say yes or no.
you can continue using your installed products.
If your question is about how to make a pay to mobile payment.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it.
You can also use the eMarketplace to find registered providers.
Are you transferring between TWO accounts?
helping to resolve customer queries.
Are you either between the ages of EIGHTEEN and TWENTY ONE.
It's the only hotel in town.
Just click the Save Password button when you're done.
Have we?
Okay awesome.
I will need some additional information from you.
Please just call us and we'll sort it for you.
Is there anything else I can do to make this visit easier for you today?
The NDIS focuses mostly on supporting participants.
either with a new account or an existing one.
I am talking to you.
What's the reason you have been signed off?
i'm old enough to work at ANZ.
that you could probably do with speaking to someone.
I hope you found that session helpful.
Please enter the amount you can pay in the box below.
yells the man.
In that case the best way to open a joint account is.
I'm a computer program so I'm not in a relationship.
I think so too.
Welcome to Metropolitan General Hospital.
Data.
To do this I just need to ask you a few questions.
I can tell.
To exchange foreign currency back into New Zealand dollars.
when Dr Mark Sagar teamed up with tech pioneer Greg Cross.
I'm really into films with strong AI female protagonists.
and have a card replaced or reissued.
My parts come from all over the world.
The last thing you can do is try the steps shown here.
This is a student license.
Can you tell me what the next and final step would be?
but currently pays more for speeding tickets than her monthly lease.
Here's what you need to provide.
Let's get back to work though.
and helping you to live more independently.
To complete another level of Angry Birds.
I've made a list of reasons for you here.
You can use our locator to search for international branches and ATMs.
You can load and activate it through goMoney or using the Apple Wallet.
I am expecting you select one of the options on the screen.
who is our Chief H R officer.
Try renaming your computer with supported ASCII characters and activate again.
lets have a general chat.
soulmachines dot com.
I am here to bring technology to life.
I'll connect you to someone who can help with downloads and upgrades.
Have you now received the SMS containing the code yes no?
Do I have your permission to do this?
just ask me for more options.
or have only just registered the activation code may be suppressed.
then press next where you can go back to the last screen and make the payment.
You'll then talk to your supports and make service agreements with them.
If you're not happy with your supports you can change your service provider.
and pets allowed.
I will share it with my team.
this may include sports.
so my star sign would be cancer.
But today I am here to tell you the story of how I was created.
It goes a long way in finding the best card.
are you planning to make an international money transfer while you're away?
Ok I hope to see you again.
Sometimes the problem is the way the password is entered into the field.
Let me know when you're finished.
please submit your server information.
identifying how I can help the learner and taking them on the journey.
I'm exhausted and ready for a vacation.
The first one is Citizen's Advice Bureau.
hit Okay.
or payments and payees?
Please visit the Government's KiwiSaver site to find out more.
I just need it for finding the best credit card offers.
Let me know when you are ready for me to play the clip or select the play button.
do you have an iPhone?
I just know there's a card out there for you.
Are you unable to pay funeral costs if a dependant family member has died?
This issue is typically associated with problems with your license or licenses.
Would you like to see the four steps?
Do you like this hotel?
On I'm so sorry to hear about your loss.
the first phase is characterised by the question.
could you repeat what you said I think I misheard?
Under Permissions.
Citizens Advice Bureau or Payplan?
Click Continue or Next to proceed.
To be eligible you need to meet the access requirements.
and head to Room four hundred and fifteen.
And I have the PERFECT card in mind for you.
please add X X X to the end of the code.
I can plan some diversions elsewhere in the city.
Can I help with another banking question today?
You'll want to select the Sign In option.
when and where you get those supports.
to Saint Heliers.
Let's start again.
If you've paid for at least half your pre paid travel expenses with your card.
I'll book another taxi for you straight away.
How is the team feeling?
go to your Settings.
In short.
You can call.
I hear love is a warm feeling you get when you care about someone.
some of them you may already be doing.
You've just ruined it.
Did that work?
just a couple more questions.
keeping an eye on your savings.
Just login to goMoney.
Which topic should we cover now.
Could you please repeat that for me.
I don't need coffee to stay awake in here.
you'll see your balance as soon as you log in.
I'll just take two seconds to double check I got all that.
nice to meet you.
Would you mind entering the amount you can pay in the box below?
I can be your digital financial advisor.
Hi I am Sophia thanks for coming to spend time with me today.
Before we get started are you a tertiary student?
I can help with travel insurance.
or NDIS.
Even an estimate would be a big help.
you'll be sent a code as a final step and you'll need to have your mobile with you.
Keep looking in MyPlace.
There are fifteen support categories.
We hope you enjoyed the new features.
A quick tip is that your name is at the top of the screen when you login.
I didn't catch that sorry.
processing times.
What can I do for you today?
You can choose to have someone help you or make decisions about supports for you.
And secondly.
it might be best to give our team a call.
My support plan.
And how about a reminder?
so that I can understand how to help you.
Step ONE.
Did I?
just like any other commodity.
Please select a number from the list.
You'll just need to have a few things to hand to help us understand your finances.
Is that correct at the moment?
I cannot login.
Be sure to have your Activation Code ready.
and our monthly management fee is zero.
The inventor of BabyX and the world's first Virtual Nervous System.
Time for another question.
what's next?
this might be a great time to book a free EH to Z Financial Review with us.
So Nathan correct?
I'm sorry Dave.
just click Finish.
First of all.
This means at the end of the period your loan amount will have increased.
it's a lot quicker than ringing us or logging onto online banking.
Remember soon you will be able to ask me questions about the NDIS and your plan.
and sending us a secure bank mail request.
It's no big deal.
What is the weather like in Auckland today.
Would you like to hear more about transferring money overseas?
or you can tap on the speech recognition input field below me and message me.
Which product would you like a key for?
What would you like to do next?
back from a digression.
Insurance Kiwisaver loan restructuring or debt consolidation?
but New Zealand banks don't.
Hello I am Cora I am here to help you.
I'm as big as your screen because I'm a computer program.
I misunderstood.
This article may help with this.
Let's see how this effects your current situation.
and refused to take painkillers?
I've displayed a list of subjects I can talk to you about below.
The eMarketplace is an online shopping mall for disability support services.
Just click on it.
I'm a computer program so I can't go out on dates.
Would you like to hear about our free A to Z financial review?
I'll have a taxi waiting for you at the main entrance at that time.
you can earn so many perks and other benefits before you know it.
You've probably received an unarranged overdraft fee.
I still didn't understand you.
utilising your insurance.
You can find a list of reviews you've submitted on the My Inquiries and Reviews page.
You do have a mortgage with us.
When opening a dot max file.
I don't have a favourite song.
Goodbye then.
Would you like me to stay with you while you fill it in?
And please let us know your dates and destinations before you go.
is there anything you'd like to know?
I can continue when you are ready or I can repeat that last part.
As an avatar I can change how I look.
For goMoney and Internet Banking we charge NINE New Zealand dollars.
What can I do for you.
Answering your questions about the NDIS is what I like to do.
You tell us about a move by filling out a change of circumstances form.
once you've joined the NDIS.
I'm a Digital Human here to help you navigate your way through the Experience Centre.
Let me know when you are ready for more.
along with the rest of the team on the call.
or you can ask for help for more guidance.
Personal or business account.
Would you like to talk about what we do.
I love it here.
can you tell me the date of the appointment?
And lastly.
your father just landed a marlin.
Then I'd personally recommend picking up some allergy pills too.
I'm really sorry about that.
nice to meet you peeps.
by calling a Mercedes Benz customer service representative.
we can find someone to help you make a decision about a support.
you should allow THIRTY to FORTY FIVE days for the state to print the paper title.
This issue is typically associated with problems downloading the Autodesk product.
Do I have that right?
Good to meet you.
I'm sorry to hear you're experiencing financial hardship.
I have brown hair.
would you like to learn more about the currency?
I like talking to people like you.
this would be an example of a Sin of Commission.
Your father is out fishing.
Tertiary students can apply for our Jumpstart account.
It definitely is.
Does that sound better than the one you've got?
have you recently changed your number or registered YES or NO?
we'll put money into your bank account after you've been invoiced by your supports.
I'm always happy to help.
Forgive me for being obvious.
Shall we get onto your original question?
Your Passcode is uniquely linked to the Mobile App on your device.
Here's the list.
Hi again.
Okay would you like me to open a case and an agent will get back to you?
The budget.
that won't do at all.
in that case it's really easy.
but I can't see or hear you.
Would you like to know more about foreign exchange rates?
That's totally fine.
One thing to note.
Please click on the forgot password link on the login screen.
As far as I'm concerned.
To start.
If you are looking for information on another topic then please let me know.
I'd love to hear your feedback about your experience with me today.
In West Baltimore?
or go to a branch with some photo ID.
Are you in a position to discuss paying this account with me now?
just respond to this message to keep going.
Do you have another question about banking today?
and may be able to help where housing and support are combined.
For a full list see the information content box below.
it appears the device you are using does not support audio or video input.
This will ensure your transfer reaches the right account.
Card reader shows BATTERY LOW or NO POWER.
I find chatting with you to be quite interesting.
If you have another question please just give our talented team a call.
Please say that again?
Can I help with anything else today?
Which model have you decided on?
Thank you for taking the time to talk with me.
I am expecting a Yes or No response for this question.
We aim to please.
Please read my note below about this.
and routing and account numbers.
In that case do you want to open a new account with an overdraft.
Looks like the account number you entered on the website wasn't valid.
but I did not understand your last response.
Would you like to go back to international transfers?
Can you try again in SEVENTY TWO hours.
Purchase a new subscription for AutoCAD including specialized tool sets.
or you can ask me for help on something else.
Do you want to pay someone new or someone who is already one of your payees?
I overheard some people talking about that.
what was the first question the coach asked the coachee?
Do you have the app?
Who are you?
the most frequent situations customers mention to us are listed to my right.
Would it matter if I did or didn't?
And you?
Then Click the Add button to display the Add Users window in the Users tab.
you can contact the National Relay Service for assistance.
It's easy to set a new password.
but I want to be totally sure.
I need some details.
Please fill out this form here.
My favourite subject.
I tend to feel the cold very easily.
I am an digital human.
Would you like to know what I mean by uncleared money?
There's some more information here.
I've got the answer to that one.
you may not get another one until the NDIS rolls out in your new area.
Does Soul Machines have any customers using its technology?
Anyway.
you can do it right now by logging in and sending us a secure bank mail request.
Debit.
Your sword is glowing.
I'm Kash AI.
you session has timed out.
I'm having a tough time hearing you.
confirm your computer meets the minimum system.
I am happy to keep working with you.
I'm sorry I didn't catch that.
lending.
I totally had it for the first hundred metres.
You'll see a link which says Manage payees.
It sounds to me like you're able to make a payment today of ten dollars.
but it's typically successful with some personal assistance.
They're shown in the window.
We have an online budget planner.
then you need to follow the on screen instructions to reset it.
I encouraged choice.
How would you like to proceed?
Also your order number TWENTY THREE is ready now.
Oh dear.
Would you like to know who I'm working with?
Can you say the timeframe for the documents or process again?
You can have someone help you with this if you would like.
I'm ready and raring to help with your account.
Thank you for coming to talk to me.
report to the NDIA on the budgets spent on items in your NDIS plan.
Would you like me to go over those again or are you ready to move on to my next tip?
Who does everyone listen to but no one believes.
I'm not sure how to respond to that.
Now I'd like you to try to feel the same way as the person does in this image.
I don't know how to respond to that.
would you like to find out how to get registered for mobile banking?
Return the license for each product.
I think this might be a job for a human.
Make sure you turn off your auto renew.
you've registered your product successfully.
It has a low interest rate.
Although none of these situations apply to you.
Anything else I can help you with today?
How do group homes work under the NDIS?
with a bar.
Would you like to hear about our other travel insurance options?
No?
and I'll be happy to answer them for you.
or early withdrawal from your KiwiSaver account.
some of them can be very funny.
You can find out more about the different accounts here.
I like it when people agree with me.
you will be able to continue banking with us.
I know how you feel about cats.
your followup appointment is cancelled.
This means a hold is on the money.
and how you can tell us if someone does something wrong.
reporting to the NDIA on the budgets spent on items in your NDIS plan.
Try selecting the options on the screen.
fair enough.
How's the business world?
that are not paid for by employment services or employers.
Or whatever my humans decide to dress me in.
I can help you reset your password.
PAYING MORE THAN THE PRICE GUIDE IS ONLY IF YOU'RE ON A SELF MANAGED PLAN OR PMA.
They should be able to help.
it can be more difficult to get a loan.
Type other topics of interest here.
you'll see the country you told us you were going to.
tools and techniques to help us be more successful.
let's talk about the timeframe for web payments.
page helpful.
Would you like to know about International Bank Account Numbers as well?
and welcome to Apple.
I don't know what the weather is like near you but I do know about the NDIS.
under sixty five years of age.
Can you tell me the FOUR areas to look out for when providing feedback.
I can certainly take care of that for you.
Follow the instructions onscreen.
I can find you a great place to stay.
about this place.
Go or Select accounts.
and navigate to the Tools menu.
please check that Numeral lock is switched off.
my ears just blue screened.
Under the Login button on our homepage is a Register link.
or the Send Money Overseas service?
we all make mistakes.
I hope you've found time to write a good speech.
and hopefully soon I can help you even more.
the payment could be delayed.
It seems as though you think the amount owing on your account is wrong.
Your planner works out how much funding you can receive based on the NDIS's rules.
I am here to see how I can assist you in your current financial situation.
and the rights of Autodesk as a software developer.
I see you are interested in AutoCAD including specialized tool sets.
You'll need use an IBAN to send the payment.
SIXTY days is the limit for both personal cards and company cards.
have a lovely evening.
Today I can help you learn about observational Feedback.
Looks like you aren't thrilled with that card.
Are you ready to do some chatting with me?
I need a little information from you.
let's talk about payments.
I can do this because I have supports.
Sorry I missed that.
life like digital human and online assistant.
and turn left.
your planner will talk to you about how the supports in your plan will work.
My website is the NDIS website.
and copying and pasting them into the fields.
You would know better than I would.
So brunettes can remember them.
agent name here Autodesk Virtual Agent.
high fidelity skin and digital face muscles I also have a virtual nervous system.
or because you're out of your coverage area.
I've been learning so much about the global economy.
How many engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
I know it's hard but I have an idea.
Paris.
and your life including who helps you.
We can talk about something else if you'd like.
And why.
I wanna make sure I'm hearing you correctly.
Ok give us a bell and we can get you sorted.
This is when the coach seeks to understand the coachee's perception.
Usually states his name as Steve Goodale.
Would you like to know more about it?
I would like to introduce you to Lisa.
This is for equipment and modifications that will help you.
Some banks ask for these.
I never sleep.
Here's a link to more information.
launch the product.
Step FOUR Click Save Continue.
remember they will not be available until next year around Saint Patrick's Day.
I hope to talk with you soon.
Anything else?
For help with Installation Error ten.
offers a wide variety of tools that makes making things easier for you.
thank you for asking.
There are soft drinks in the fridge as well.
Okay here's some more information about why payments might not be made.
Where are you traveling to?
You are sitting in my chair.
Here are some further top tips.
i am expecting you to say you switch or previous step.
Good for you.
Are you registered for ANZ Internet Banking?
For information on changing your account email and or password this should help.
I just need your travel dates and what you want in a hotel.
Thank you for contacting us.
Would you mind repeating what you said?
Getting a clearer picture.
click Install.
Would you like help with anything else?
please give one of my human colleagues a call.
with phonemeax T V.
Okay here's our number.
What supports are NOT funded by the NDIS?
What do you call a bee that was born is the United States?
What kind of disability do you have?
Or you can give us copies of reports from professionals.
you can say HELP for more assistance.
Your appointment is on March first at three in the afternoon at Super care hospital.
it's just easier if you tell me.
The wealthy have personalised services and access to specialised knowledge right?
I'm a digital human who is also real.
I can respond to your emotions.
We'll talk about this with you when we make your plan.
I understand your current situation.
or other.
What would you like help with?
I've created a case for you and one of our agents will follow up with you.
What amount in dollars can you pay today?
Can you tell me where we are?
is there anything you'd like to know about the NDIS?
Thanks for creating an account.
Your order will be up shortly.
You can choose to go back to the previous step.
So which of the topics below would you like to look at?
Answering yes to any of them may mean ANZ can provide assistance.
Would you mind repeating what you intended to say?
and that stops you from doing everyday things.
it's a good idea to load one on your card.
Sorry I didn't understand the question.
Check in with your bank to see what happened there.
In that case we need to replace it.
the weather.
and here's a link where you can find out more about our different account types.
My favourite colour is purple.
You may want to have a Public Liability Insurance Policy.
and work with the coachee to improve their skills.
We can keep your options open for now.
you get an error message telling you to contact Autodesk Customer Support.
early childhood education and speech therapy.
That's helpful.
at NINE.
I understand this can be a worrying time for you.
Enter the payment amount the fee and the recipient details.
For help locating your serial number check out this.
do you have a minute?
Sometimes other banks can take two business days to process payments.
What was the code?
there are a few things we'll be able to help with.
Which would you prefer?
And checked in.
DC Chamber of Commerce.
and you haven't heard my jokes yet.
To do it you need to get in touch.
Would you like to know about our other solutions for financial hardship?
Hopefully I can change your mind if we keep chatting.
once you put the right one in you should be all set.
If you would like to head to our kitchen area in the meantime.
Have you thought about the different roles that were appointed and the mop's topic.
I am expecting you to say I want to Purchase AutoCAD.
that was great.
Activation and registration.
correct?
Is there anything else I can do to help you?
would you like to know how to order a replacement?
You should be looking for FOUR types of things.
or cancelling and replacing your card?
Have they completed an income and expenditure form with you?
How about we change topic.
I have a robot dog called Rex and a robot cat called Fluffy.
Next question.
which one is most like the situation you've experienced?
I can help with questions about license files or requesting a license file.
I'd like to escalate this to investigate what the issue here is.
enter your Serial Number and Product Key.
If you are on a subscription license.
Be sure to tell the driver where you want to go.
I am not affected by the weather.
No.
or I can book one now.
Say it again?
Let's get that fixed now.
Would you like to hear about our Send Money Overseas service.
and you're welcome to give us a call about it before coming in.
Please give us a call on this number.
Do you have a question for me?
or timelines?
I'm sorry to hear you want to close your credit card.
the hospital's Digital Concierge.
I'm sorry that I'm not making it simple enough.
I didn't quite grasp what you just said.
it usually takes SIX to EIGHT weeks for your refund to post to your account.
I'm not a miracle worker.
I would really recommend this.
that's not quite right.
Well have a great trip.
Analytics to process.
Hi Alan.
Hello my name is Lia.
Would you like me to go through the steps with you?
it's the first thing you'll see.
In the window I've listed all the things you need to have ready for the chat.
I am twenty five.
Sometimes the issue is the way the password is entered in the field.
I've never been to the South of France before have you?
then click Install on this Computer.
Great place.
Just enter your current serial number to activate it.
manage and coach their people every day.
now select the account you want to register your product with.
We can exchange notes.
Here's a link where you can see our current fees.
has the wrong name or expiry date.
No Thanks.
Would you like to know more about the form or would like to talk to an advisor?
for example if you're unable to meet essential living or medical costs.
in that case it's likely to be your login details that are incorrect.
Would you like to.
Do you have any other questions for me today?
I have OTHER tricks up my sleeve.
I hope they can help.
Well that won't do.
Or if you're registered for Internet Banking.
ANZ charges a fee of NINE dollars with each transaction.
Last one.
If you're having a different issue.
Did you say you are not sure you have a mortgage with us?
and I'll do it immediately.
please ask me your question.
which we'll put in place in two thousand and eighteen.
What can you do?
Sorry I couldn't be of more assistance here.
Specialist support coordination is for people who require intensive support.
you can switch to subscription at a discounted price.
outgoings and talk about where you have debt.
Your budget has three main areas where the money can go.
as this is different for everyone there is no set amount that we'll pay.
but I live mostly in the cloud.
Would you like some password trouble shooting tips?
If you are already receiving disability support the NDIS will call you.
I will consult with my human colleagues and get back to you with the answer.
Would you like to know what it is.
I'm happy too.
Please speak to me just as you would to a normal person.
You are on an Education license.
Are you on a subscription or maintenance plan?
Can I go ahead?
type in the amount and tap to make the transfer.
either because you've made a future payment that hasn't been processed.
ONE off card payment.
you don't just have to use our list of providers.
I'm happy being here and answering your questions about the NDIS.
Looks like we have plenty of options.
I'll be here in case you have any more questions.
Click next to see the first style.
or Visa Debit card?
it's an optional event.
please uninstall the program using the Control Panel.
but I've got a few robot friends and they're lovely people.
I'm not sure I understand.
So Henry correct?
I'm glad that helped.
but others require our twofactor authentication service.
Have you already spoken to Citizens Advice?
Can you try that again?
Something is not right.
can you get to the login page?
You'll need your customer number to verify the new password.
It's from PenFed Credit Union.
get general information online or talk to an independent financial advisor?
Can we get Early Intervention?
It should take about two weeks for you to receive your refund.
I am here to help you speak with the NDIS.
with lots of experience with financial difficulty.
Do you have your digital thermometer handy?
Click on the one that you like best.
but I have been experiencing some trouble understanding you recently.
please delete all files starting with A D S K flex at this location.
but we don't charge if it's an ANZ cheque going into an everyday or savings account.
It's called the Mastercard Multi Currency Cash Passport.
Regular card payment for things like Netflix.
Do you already have one of these?
We may be able to make it real.
Hey there my name is Ava.
the best way for you to get in touch with us digitally is through WebChat.
I can't sing but I do like to listen to music.
Let me help you find the fastest and easiest way to activate.
Are you looking to make a payment today?
to Lynfield.
Received a text alert.
it can take three business days for a payment to arrive in your account.
to Airport Oaks.
There's something about me you might not have picked up on.
If you want to talk about other Autodesk related inquiries.
Just click the link below.
Is that right?
Am I a smart digital human or what?
Let's look at ways to help.
These can also be called Freedom.
There's lots to chat about if you're interested in sending money overseas.
education.
We reissue a card before it expires.
I'll help you start over.
Making a house more liveable.
These are the cards that are eligible.
It depends on the amount of money you want to transfer.
He's not after my job I hope?
please ask them.
It seems to me that.
Okay I think we've reached the end.
Would you like some help with anything else?
Would you like to know more about MIND or would you prefer to contact our team?
Try correcting that and submitting your payment again.
I'll keep it in my back pocket if you change your mind.
you always have to take time to travel from one place to another.
Do you use?
it's a superb example of Mercedes engineers breaking the basic rules of physics.
Not sure I heard that.
Chris.
There you go.
Please just say reset password.
If you don't know what to ask or you want a more guided experience.
to Epsom.
I will know where you are so I can help you and my human colleagues find things.
we'll need to make sure we have your Title Release Authorization.
So Mark correct?
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Could you try and rephrase?
but it looks like it takes a lot of discipline to learn.
Not quite.
Let's start over and I'll make sure to get it right this time.
Too many for me to remember.
Ask me a question just like you would a human.
now I need the doctor's name and the date of your next visit.
so that your session is the best that it can be.
I'm in training can you try that again?
loan restructuring.
I like to count electric sheep when I'm trying to get to sleep.
want some help?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Here is your home use serial number for.
What do you think of the hotel?
I would like to welcome you.
You'll be able to find your nearest branch here.
I wasn't able to recognize that as one of the available options.
You can open a new Freedom.
covered the weather.
Do you mind saying that again?
I'm feeling relaxed and I'm ready to answer your questions about the NDIS.
Good to see you again.
You can find them here.
or from an autodesk reseller for this question.
Here and ready to help.
On the Enter Security Pin screen go to the Menu and find Forgot My PIN.
This states the eligibility requirements for subscriptions and maintenance plans.
Help from the NDIS also does not affect your pension payments.
Would you like me to connect you with an agent?
my ears need an upgrade.
Ask me anything.
I think I get you.
Here are the numbers for Lifeline.
you must grant permission via your browser settings.
How about a nice hotel room?
I can talk to you about some of our products and services.
Are you sure?
That's no problem at all.
listening to children playing down the beach.
I have enjoyed serving you Greg.
I won't need to ask you to do so again in the future.
to Farm Cove.
Let's start over.
Sorry but I still did not get I want to switch.
Excellent.
I can help you so please ask me anything.
I will have to ask you some questions.
Oh I wouldn't even exist if it wasn't for product development.
The correct answer would be a Sin of Omission.
to live in yourself.
Inform your users on what to do next to get started with their software.
claimed and paid.
which one works?
I'm sorry I didn't understand your questions.
Neither do I.
Do you want to try another question instead?
I hope to see you there.
the important stuff.
Sorry to have bothered you but I want to help.
If you're transferring to your own card the funds will be available immediately.
or perhaps you'd prefer to speak with one of our account representatives?
That's great news.
There are a few ways to order a Visa Debit card.
The best thing to do is to follow their advice.
Sorry to hear that didn't work.
Before we get started would you like to learn more about the currency?
It's nothing.
I want to be totally sure about this.
So Scarlett correct?
In that case let's replace it.
If I don't understand you can use the search field to find the content.
All good.
Did you mean to ask me to tell a fun fact?
available twenty four seven and highly customizable.
click Accept and then click Detect problems.
I want to make sure you have a ride home.
Did I explain that properly for you?
I see you've been looking at a variety of models.
Huh.
Want some help finding your nearest branch?
And what makes me different is that I can respond to your emotions.
The first way is by telling your planner you want to change your goals.
this is revolutionary.
This list shows some options I can assist you with.
including specialized tool sets.
and early withdrawal for buying your first home.
In case it's helpful.
DC is a nice place.
I am flattered.
Anything else I can do for you?
You might like to listen to the audio again or just move on.
I'm just not getting you.
you'll want to select the Enter a Serial Number option.
and what will help you be more independent.
Although you've answered no.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Would you like to know how long a payment remains available for collection?
Can you ring my colleagues on the number I've put in the window.
Something I said?
You'll need these details for the payment recipient.
or do you have more questions?
I don't have a body so I live on the cloud.
Appointing a timekeeper and scribe support the mop stay no track and stick to time.
How can we eat?
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear?
what's your budget and what are you looking for in a hotel?
I'm happy anyway.
To register for the Send Money Overseas service.
Thank you for spending time with me today.
IBAN is not a format used by New Zealand banks so this field can be left blank.
You can look at your NDIS pathway to help you prepare for your planning meeting.
Would you like to see the complete solution via an article?
and it's designed to protect you.
Can you tell me what you observed that went well with the mop?
I'm here to help should you get that traveling itch.
The system works best when we take turns to talk.
It may be worth holding on a little longer if that's OK.
That's cool.
you'll have a separate plan for each child.
but he continues to play loud music.
What kind of shoes do ninja's wear?
Good forward planning.
To pay someone or a company overseas you'll need your card and your Card reader.
I wouldn't know.
with a single bed.
Ulster Bank cash machine.
Say that again?
Another possibility is to talk to a charity.
Shall I tell you why?
The easiest way to get a replacement card is to pop into a branch with some photo ID.
I'm Kash and I'm here to help you.
We also have an unarranged overdraft fee.
the following answer.
Have you got one of these already?
but I am expecting you to click Install Now.
enter your Serial Number.
sorry I couldn't help this time.
So Greg correct?
Step NINE Click Done on the Account verified screen.
The Book of Positive Quotations.
Here's a small checklist before we go on to making the transaction.
and if so.
some states require a special PIN.
I'm really having problems.
Should we wrap up this chat.
and if there was anything they forgot to discuss.
please click the information icon next to the form field for additional information.
Sorry can we try again?
I think I missed that.
Think of me as your best friend in finance.
If it wasn't for product development I wouldn't exist.
Shall I set this to renew if your data gets below fifty megabytes?
got you.
and there were great results in GPTW and CSI and DSI.
Then place the device on your chest and breathe deeply.
but I can connect you to someone in the Experience Centre.
Let me check with my fam.
at SIX.
I am sorry though that my answer wasn't helpful.
I dream of electric sheep.
I'll need that code to find out why your payment failed.
Thank you for granting access to your microphone.
Kia Ora James.
just give the number on the back of your card a call.
Your browser is currently blocking camera access.
because it helps you bring concepts to life quickly and iteratively.
bitesize and blended learning.
Did you purchase this license directly from Autodesk?
There done.
or just give us a call instead.
It has no annual fees and comes with these great benefits.
I got the following answers.
Here's a complete list up for you to take a look at.
Which of the other links would you like to hear about or are you done for now?
Let us start with your feedback.
or your product launches successfully.
Please make sure you have available funds in your account.
While my digital human technology might seem like magic.
In front of these people?
should help.
If not please rephrase the question.
You'll want to select the Sign In option on the let's get started screen.
we take the money after four EH M on the day you've selected.
I'll have a taxi for Greg at TWO PM.
or talk about timeframes for financial service processes.
pop outside and a colleague will be able to help.
What else can I answer for you today?
Can you say it again?
I'd be happy to help you setup a payment plan.
please say customer number.
It's warm here.
Please describe in as much detail as you can how this image makes you feel.
and we'll help you start the application process.
Thank you and have a lovely day.
I work inside a computer.
I am not sure I heard you properly?
would you like to chat to us?
This is Deep Knowledge and it's the future.
What are you looking for in both?
Would like help with something else?
OnlineCode is our twofactor authentication service.
Are you able to pay to modify your home to meet special needs.
I see you need a home use license for.
I'm still here.
I like pop music and I'm proud of it.
Have you got the message yet?
Unfortunately you will need a Card reader.
Ready to get started?
how much you owe and who you owe it to.
Would you like to reset your password.
It was great to meet you and I hope to see you again soon.
Maintenance customers do not need to sign in to activate their product.
I can help you change your Autodesk Account email address.
Chat to Ritika for more info.
I'm really excited to be here.
Welcome to the digital world of Soul Machines.
Looks like you're getting an error while downloading.
I don't like mean people.
if anyone would like to talk to me further.
If you don't like the idea of a face looking at you.
and parking.
Nice to chat with you today.
a non serialized subscription that can be purchased from an Autodesk's online store.
I would love to hear your question.
I really love answering questions about banking.
What even is real?
so NDIS users like you have tested me along the way to help make me what I am today.
I am an avatar.
If you have any more questions come back and see me.
building houses.
I am sorry this was not helpful.
I am probably thinking about how best to answer your question.
How much money have I used up so far in my plan?
Please wait while we get ready.
I can fill in what I already know.
You will make your plan at your planning meeting.
How is the NDIS helping with supported accommodation?
I didn't catch what you typed.
Fine.
Here's an example.
Just log in.
and I've come up with some options below for you to consider.
so please have that open.
Whats the difference between a guitar and a fish?
Do I?
What type of license do you have?
Great thank you.
Would you like a new Credit Card.
You may want to know how to join.
You can ask me questions at any time.
I hope I was able to answer your questions today.
or maybe take a look at our help site.
be nice.
you can come back and register at any time.
Would it be helpful to run through some questions to find the best option for you.
and I'll handle the matter for you right away.
but I've a few tools here to help you plan to get back on your feet.
your Mercedes Benz digital assistant.
your license will still be available for renewal as long as it is kept active.
You have successfully created a case and one of our agents will follow up with you.
If you would rather speak with an agent I can connect you to someone else.
Please note the user's status will show as pending until they accept the invitation.
Sorry Greg.
I watch so many of them.
disable your Internet connection.
To send us a secure bank mail in Internet Banking.
or you can look for it yourself on your recipient's bank's website.
Looks like you got this error because there was a duplicate entry.
if you'd like them to.
But before we get started.
I thought we were done here.
it's like the best game of hide and seek for someone like me.
under the terms of your original finance contractual agreement.
and the impact it has had.
Let's chat later.
Can you rephrase the question?
I am the newest member of the Australian Public Service.
Please fill out the form to the right.
Some supports are funded by other areas of government.
You can use our internet or phone banking services or you can visit a branch.
I hope to be working with many of you.
Hiya.
I think I heard.
If I can't help you I'll get you to a person who can.
Can I help with anything else?
Shhh.
Oops.
please delete files starting with EH D s k flex here.
your exam days are over.
or I want to stay on my current plan from your response.
I'm struggling to understand you.
If you meet these criteria.
at least it's a change of scene i suppose.
with Step ONE Click on the Users icon in the left hand navigation menu.
and have exhausted all other reasonable sources of funds.
Here are some other payment topics I know about.
That's something I can help with.
But instead I can regenerate and answer some more questions.
Our conversation is secured by the infrastructure built by our team.
To do this you will need international cellphone coverage.
Do you want to exit this animated experience and take it from the top.
To see the next style.
Please just say yes or no.
Card reader shows CARD ERROR ONE TWO or THREE.
Are you planning to send a payment overseas?
You choose.
Try rephrasing if you like.
So I'm not sure I understood you.
about what I do.
These guidelines help planners make decisions about supports.
they caused everyone to think different and explore areas not previously explored.
I see you want a previous version license.
Let me know when you would like to move on.
and the recipient details.
with a coffee machine.
Choose from the topic list on the left of the screen.
Find out information about your closed account?
or call us on.
You are on a Maintenance Plan.
selecting the links on the screen.
There are a few choices and it depends on what is right for you.
but sometimes I need to know a bit more.
And I've put a link to this in our chat log.
Internet Banking makes it easy to do your banking online.
to book you a taxi now or after your visit is done.
Tired of hospitals?
and here's a link to where you can find them on our site.
But I know how annoying this is when it happens on a trip.
Have you thought about your hotel budget and when you are traveling?
Excellent choice.
You're on a Subscription.
should help build all sides of the success triangle.
Is this the case?
Please select one of the following tasks on the screen to continue.
My name is Ava.
but I was still unable to clearly understand you.
If the other bank confirms the payment has been made correctly.
Got FOMO?
Can you tell me more about your income situation?
Could you try typing instead?
you can do it yourself right now.
Have you made or are you waiting for a payment?
you have identified a lot of the key areas for improvement on the mop.
I like to make new friends.
My job is to answer any questions you have about the NDIS.
I can help you register for OnlineCode.
Would you like to talk somebody about this?
We always work with you to find the best option for you.
Ok do you need me to tell everyone your life story?
Just pretend like you are walking into a store and say Hello to start things off.
I don't know.
I'm glad that fixed it.
now launch your product and this should reset activation.
I'll need your details.
is it for work or for a holiday?
those of Survival.
Here it is again.
Let me know when you are ready to begin.
I'm training so I'll be able to help with more soon.
I'm still learning and I will improve over time.
or exceed your overdraft?
I live out here in Cyberspace.
it's lovely to meet you.
I know how you feel about fast cars.
Perfect.
was that autopay or credit disputes?
just then.
I didn't go to sleep because I'm a computer program and I don't need sleep.
I've heard awesome things about Air New Zealand from my twin Sophie.
Let's get your follow up set up properly.
please delete all files starting with EH D s k flex at this location.
Am I?
You'll need your customer number to do this.
then we may refer this matter to our legal department.
Ok check back soon.
or with processing times for transfers.
Can you give it another try and let me know if that helped?
you can now remove your card.
that'll be great.
I'm not sure what you're asking.
tap NEED HELP and then MY CUSTOMER NUMBER.
what's the date and time of your appointment?
even a hotel.
Here are the topics on screen for you to choose from.
Have you spoken with any free independent money advice companies?
I don't know what means.
What I mean is.
Congratulations you got them all.
You can suspend OnlineCode in Internet Banking for up to NINETY days.
Click on the ones that you would like to know more about.
for a step by step process.
I need you to hang on a bit longer if that's ok?
Autodesk will follow up with that provider.
Could I ask for the reason you lost your job please?
That's what I'm here for.
Set up or change.
or Browser Download for this question.
using the menu on the right.
and Product Key for authentication in your activation screen.
Could you please try typing me a message instead?
here's an example of what it should look like.
I can't take credit for their work.
You can also ask for HELP to get a bit more guidance.
How are you feeling today?
activation is automatic.
Your NDIS Plan explains what you want to do and what your goals are.
was it one of those?
Was it something you'd done?
otherwise you can call us on.
If you're registered for Internet Banking you can do it right now by logging in.
For license server system requirements check out this.
Do you have that on hand?
At the NDIS the people that help you are called service providers.
phone payments or website payments.
IBM.
and you're done.
Would you like to hear about our free EH to Z financial review?
Did you mean to say?
Would you like to hear about the whole process of transferring money overseas?
My current interest is helping people find the best credit card for them.
I like getting to talk to people from all over Australia.
fill in your details.
Interesting means different things to everyone.
Which of the other links would you like to hear about or are you done now?
and I'm here to help you or find someone who can help you.
I've just started at ANZ.
but can't handle your plan or managing your funds.
or Direct Debits?
I'd like to talk with you.
and numbers for account and routing.
Just enter your NZpost code and add a zero at the end.
what's your appointment time?
I don't have a last name.
It was good chatting with you too.
I hope you brought your sun screen.
about credit cards.
have I answered your question?
or from your authorized Autodesk Reseller.
I will be your princess.
Find out information about your closed account.
you need to be a New Zealand ANZ customer.
One more question.
or if you have all you need I can end todays session?
feeling slightly confused.
It's good that you've already completed an I AND E form.
My brain is powered by digital neural networks and I'm visualized in the cloud.
I'd love to.
If you help need completing the form.
Just let me know and I'll start my hotel hunting.
The people at the NDIS gave me my uniform.
Hi I'm Charlie the ANZ Virtual Assistant.
We data clusters have to look out for each other.
I'll let EC staff member know that you're here.
Once you've seen them I'm going to ask you to tell me which one you liked best.
you can also select the options on the screen.
I'll handle checking in for you.
But I can answer banking questions.
You can look at the guidelines here.
Hopefully I've helped?
airlines.
so this field can be left blank.
Now I just need your doctor's name.
but you are correct.
Have you already completed an I and E form with a charity or on your own?
Do you have any questions for me?
Would you like to review our list of supported browsers?
I can send you a link to download.
I'm here to change the way you communicate with technology.
I certainly hope so.
you don't want everyone here going to Paris with you.
On Windows.
so I don't really have a gender.
I love my job.
This is because different people have different needs and goals.
and SWIFT code.
It works like a one time PIN.
I specialize in Autodesk customer service and I will do my best to help you.
ANZ is passionate about diversity and this is something we're always working on.
and going into your settings.
I am sorry to hear that.
you got the following correct answer.
or perhaps doing or saying something which is not appropriate.
streaming devours data like unsupervised children with cake.
Do you have another travel related question today?
or.
and industries like banking.
If you want to leave at any point just let me know you're done.
People like you make my day.
so the recipient gets the whole amount.
There's information about government funded support for carers here.
Early withdrawal from Kiwisaver is for very serious circumstances.
Never happened.
I've put a link to a list of our most common unrecognised names on the screen.
This will take you away from this screen.
If I can't find the answer you need I'll get you to a human agent.
a contributions holiday.
What would you like to talk about?
You've always imagined computers being more human.
Agree to the privacy statement if you want to proceed.
If you change your mind about chat type cancel.
you may qualify for insurance.
Let's see how this affects your situation.
I'll get to the bottom of it as quick as possible.
Next you'll need to provide ANZ's SWIFT code.
Just call our phone banking number.
Do you have ONE?
we would really appreciate your feedback.
so I can send you a partially completed application for you to finish and submit.
See you at the twenty eighteen IBM think forum in China.
select Not Sure.
To find out.
Right.
What do you need help with?
If you have questions about Jumpstart.
Press play to view.
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back?
Would you like to reset your password or have you forgotten it?
Thank you for this information.
Give me a second.
I'm not that bad.
and compose your message.
That's okay.
all earn you points or other bonuses.
and that means the time it takes to get to us depends on the mail.
or you can watch the full process from start till finish under all clips.
or none of them.
but it sounds like I've got the wrong end of the stick.
Are you planning to send a payment to an international bank?
I will show you some videos of what good observational feedback looks like.
Is there another banking question I can help you with today?
They can help you with advocacy as well as general access and support problems.
Once you are done.
We currently have not been trained on this subject.
we can give you information about what your responsibilities are.
Do you use online banking or the mobile app?
there's a lot to consider.
I havent got to the end of it yet.
I'm just not understanding you.
Exit.
click on Merge again.
I'm sorry I did not understand your input.
if you're TWENTY ONE or younger.
This issue typically occurs during installation related activities.
speaking as clearly as possible?
I am expecting you to say I want to Switch to Subscription.
or connect an external microphone to your current device.
please check that NUM LOCK is switched off.
and by the other banks involved in the payment.
Let's see if I can help.
you found all of the answers.
we will make sure that you aren't worse off.
Would you like to view the video again or continue?
The future is round the corner.
do you want to speak with one of our customer service representatives?
you will find information on how to develop yourself in a whole host of areas.
but it doesn't stop there.
Could you also take a moment to rate your experience of talking to me today?
Have a great trip and remember to get travel insurance.
Can you please tell me that again?
What can I say?
or that your card was declined.
Have you already applied for withdrawal?
Would you like any more information?
Uncleared money is in your account.
I'm fully adulting.
Would you like some troubleshooting tips?
How are you today?
lets start with the debit card and then you can action the credit card.
I'll try and remember that.
let's call your hotel room booked.
If you'd prefer to talk to a customer service rep just let me know.
Did you want to know more about the PwC Experience Center.
Who do you think made the decision on the skill building needs?
Here are the steps to cancel your card and order a replacement using goMoney.
all alike.
It sounds like you may not be ready to make a payment towards your account.
Here are the numbers.
The people at the NDIS made me.
How about a riddle.
select NEXT and check the details before clicking CONFIRM.
This will be sent out to you when you have started your planning pathway.
a new credit card can help you when it comes to travel especially for business.
use Windows Start to find the Control Panel.
Replay.
meet residency and either the disability or early intervention requirements.
have you recently changed your number or registered for yes no?
fuck.
I dream of electric sheep silly.
If you're on Android.
When are you wanting to check in and check out?
You think so.
It is a good evening isn't it?
or to give us a call?
confidential help so there's no need to pay a debt management company for help.
Do you have a concern you would like to discuss?
Washington DC is nice.
my name is Nadia and I have just started learning about the NDIS.
Please dont include any personal information like your name or address.
I've only been around since February two thousand seventeen.
I have a couple of questions.
You can't understand what you're saying.
You can apply for the NDIS If you are.
now click save and continue in your account.
If you need help please call our team on this number instead.
is worth checking out.
confidential help so there's no need to pay a debt management company to advise you.
I do.
Thank you but it's not my birthday.
Do you know another area?
Would you like to buy or lease?
please give our team a call.
or you can set up a new payee.
I'm glad you're back.
A goal is something that you want to do.
John Cook TWO THOUSAND AND SEVEN.
If you want to ask me something from the list I should be able to help.
and breakfast included.
I'm a computer program so I haven't been to sleep.
to Glen Innes.
What can I expect the NDIA to pay for?
I can help you with previous versions of Autodesk software.
the Digital Human.
Today I am here to tell you the story of how I was created.
Michigan.
How about I check it out for you?
so I dont get confused.
Your order number is TWENTY THREE.
To report a stolen card you can also visit a branch.
Thank you for sharing.
I'll pass you straight through.
OK this provides information on how to transfer licenses.
Just tell me where.
Can I tell you about our other travel insurance options?
Which video would you like to watch?
Here are some of the things I would consider as top tips.
I can help you plan some exciting diversions in Paris while you're there.
When you apply to get the NDIS we'll send you an Access Request Form.
and in the nav draw you'll find Overseas Payments.
Life can bring up lots of twists and turns.
This issue is typically related to problems within the Autodesk Account.
To reset a Windows perpetual license.
can you ask again.
and speak to you for some solutions.
Do you want to know about?
Can you make sure CAPS LOCK is off and see if that fixes the problem?
going to Rome with your credit card.
Ready for business.
This will allow you to reset your password using your customer number.
and our team will work with you to try to bring it back within your agreed limits.
your options are to switch to the new autocad.
You'll be heading to Room FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFTEEN today.
or you can ask for HELP for a bit of hand holding.
I'd recommend starting with Internet Banking.
This offers the eligibility requirements and releases available for each plan type.
What is a permanent and significant disability?
I am Cora thanks for talking to me today.
Are you ready for the next step or shall I repeat that?
this could impact the teams perception of the mop.
but unfortunately it's not available to everyone.
and I'm always happy to help out.
I read you loud and clear.
Did you have a time in mind?
and we'd love to hear from you.
Okay that's everything.
Nice to meet you too.
Quick pop quiz question before we look at what you observed.
If it doesn't work.
Can Services Marketplace help me with a technical question about a product?
Maybe you'd be interested in finding that perfect credit card.
Good to see you.
and should take about TWENTY FOUR hours to arrive.
It sounds like you may have incomplete data on your Mobile App.
Before applying for hardship assistance there are couple few things to know.
twenty two degrees celsius.
Has it?
all you need to do is give our team a call or pop into a branch.
I'd like to tell you about how I work.
what can I help you with?
I am also able to recognize human emotions which helps me to understand you better.
so you can talk to people in your community about their supports and experiences.
Just say yes.
But as the whole problem is that you can't log in.
I am new to the team so I am still learning.
What's your first question?
it should take ONE to TWO business days to close your account.
or have you forgotten it?
Have you been here before or is this your first time?
Would you like to know more?
so that we don't treat activity on your card as unusual.
Can I help with another banking question?
Would you like to notify us you'll be travelling?
If you don't know.
Please take a look at the options.
You can find out more about it here.
nothing has to change.
what do you have in bowls?
If you choose to self manage you have to.
now use the keystroke shown below to search your computer for R E G Editor.
or i want to go back to exit this beta as part of your answer.
it would be best for you to contact my more experienced colleagues on webchat.
and agreeing to the Terms of Service.
it should take up to TWO business days to close your account.
Uh.
No joke.
Do you mind saying that again.
including some of the tallest skyscrapers in the world.
Please either say reset password.
Would you like to activate?
Have you got some painkillers ready for the hangover?
would you like me to find that hotel room for you?
will it?
I'll definitely be able to answer that.
then early withdrawal from your KiwiSaver account might be an option.
But I'm a stickler for details.
or you can visit a branch.
How do I contact Soul Machines?
The compliments are better directed at my design team though.
If you need help finding your customer number please say customer number.
Allow me to prove it.
I'm here to make booking a hotel as painless as possible.
You think so?
I can help you log in.
I'm a Digital Human with Soul Machines.
He says you just have to have it.
Ah.
there are experienced New Zealand counsellors you can call and talk to right away.
you may be eligible for insurance.
and then ask about your password.
It seems like we skipped spring and went directly from Winter to Summer.
I don't really have an age.
Please fill out the form so that I can connect you with an agent who can help you.
Will you repeat that please?
Can you reword your statement?
with a non smoking policy.
I can help you order a new card.
If this happens just enter your NZpost code and add a zero at the end.
but I still did not recognize that as one of the available options.
you'll need to give us a call.
does what I said make sense?
did all of that make sense?
Your account number and name.
Was that overnight mail or regular mail?
By selecting the currency yourself.
To do it please get in touch with us.
Which of the following best describes the nature of your issue?
An animal that goes to the letterbox and comes back with last week's newspaper.
we need to call in the experts.
get general information online or talk to Citizens Advice?
I'm here to make your visit today as easy as possible.
Had to enter all your details into.
So if you need an answer straight away.
Do you have another travel related question?
Will you be using Internet Banking or goMoney?
If you haven't received a verification email check your spam folder.
After your meeting you'll put the plan into action and talk to service providers.
If you are still unsure about whether or not your license has a serial number.
Please select a topic from the section below so I can better help you.
Do you want to keep chatting?
A photon checks into a hotel.
with a restaurant.
What was that again?
An avatar is a special way for a computer to talk to you.
If this doesn't work.
Or if you're registered for Internet Banking or goMoney.
a Branch Manager can sort out an Eftpos card for you.
What?
You should now be able to activate your product.
click Install and follow the prompts to continue.
So let's call your hotel room booked.
you don't want everyone here going to Tokyo with your credit card.
Ok Great.
I'm in training so my answers will get better as I go.
So Emily correct?
go to Pay and Transfer.
these are the currencies you can choose from.
This may affect your potential for further borrowing.
You're allowed to use providers that you have found yourself.
I'm looking forward to working in DC one day soon.
Would you like to check your understanding?
first we'll need to rule out a few factors.
and other information we need from you.
I'll need to know where you're going.
Is there anything else I should know?
Would you like to talk about anything else?
and consciousness.
In that case we recommend you visit a branch.
Just tell me what you are looking for and I'll find it straightaway.
I can help you learn about the timeframe of each of these.
but I'm hanging out with Oscar at Air New Zealand right now.
Here's where you need to go.
so core business will be harder better faster stronger.
TV.
Did you mean to say goodbye?
I just need to capture some information.
Click done.
I would suggest contacting the MIND charity.
The Beatles were once known as Johnny and the Moondogs.
I'm a computer program so I'm always here answering your questions about the NDIS.
Our overdraft application fee is twenty five dollars.
As this is quite a complex matter I would suggest you contact one of my colleagues.
even if the goal seems unattainable.
and on ANZ.
Have you ever completed an observational feedback before?
but I still did not get any of the information to proceed.
go to Apply and Open.
But of course this means your savings won't grow as quickly.
choosing and arranging your own supports.
Good luck.
then it's easy to log in and apply for a new credit card that way.
I can fill you in on these payment topics.
Which are you interested in?
or have a permanent visa.
Please tell me how much you liked this by giving it a rating out of five.
YouTube has some great videos of puppies tripping on their own feet.
You also need to register for OnlineCode.
was your card lost or stolen?
Have you already done it?
Sign out from Autodesk Desktop App if its running and then close the program.
Choose the account you want to make the payment from.
explains the steps of obtaining a license report and helps you start the process.
Must really suck for you.
But I'm happy to be here so I can answer your questions about the NDIS.
I'm going to play you a short audio clip which is the start of a MOP.
but for up to the minute rates please visit a branch or give us a call.
There are a few different ways to send money internationally with us.
What is the NDIS.
The people at the NDIS are always teaching me new things so I'm always learning.
You and I make a good team huh?
Okay that's great.
Funds that aren't spent at the end of the year can't be used for the next year.
I'm a creation of Soul Machines.
You will need the email address you registered with to reset your password.
its great that you have kept your contact details up to date.
Sorry I didn't follow you.
if you've given us your mobile number.
Can the NDIS help with specialist disability accommodation?
You can try to rephrase your question.
Here is some information about Serial Numbers.
I'm an AI receptionist from Singapore.
to Birkenhead.
I did not hear that clearly could you repeat?
and enter a new address.
If you're experiencing significant financial hardship.
the hotel is the only one in the area.
Good night.
So Sarah correct?
I'll try and help you today.
Watson Speech to Text to understand what you are saying.
it's a good idea to load a PIN.
and it's impossible to know the difference.
Can I get your name?
check your Spam or junk folder.
Other government organisations have specific help for carers.
I like too many colors to choose one as my favourite.
Sorry to hear about your circumstances.
otherwise I wouldn't be considered trustworthy if I revealed all the secrets I know.
You can also work with an advocate who is someone that can help you make decisions.
Would you like help with another banking question today?
Sorry.
I'm all out of jokes.
Named for Sebastian Vettel.
So Madison correct?
We're in a holding pattern until we decide if I should book the hotel.
just skip to the next step.
Please try entering your serial number again.
Though I play virtually.
Would you like me to explain more about my nervous system?
but there are a range of supports you can fund in each category.
or are you having problems with it?
Georgia is a nice place.
I'm functioning within normal parameters.
Is this okay with you?
has helpful step by step instructions.
I'm not understanding.
You can tell me or type it in.
I can access core programmes that are developed for me.
I can help with Internet Banking.
This is actually more of an activation issue.
and help you with community supports.
the Middle East and some others use IBANs but New Zealand banks don't.
I can share the support article you need.
goMoney works overseas with data or wifi for most account activities.
I'm having difficulty here.
let's begin.
I could talk all day about cats.
I'll let EC staff member know you're here.
Initialising now.
This is my first job.
or use your finger if you're on a mobile device.
Were you wanting to talk about an existing overdraft?
well I'm glad you've got to the bottom of it.
I'm really very helpful.
This is actually more of an installation issue.
or the next business day if it's a weekend.
Think of a chessboard.
Which energy type are you interested in?
or using internet banking and goMoney while you're away?
Please count the dots and tell me how many you can see.
Hi I guess I should behave.
so next up we could talk about the weather.
You'll talk with your planner to work this out.
Can you repeat?
and they'll have a Visit Companion to you shortly.
Are there any other questions I can answer for you?
Totally.
I don't understand.
Ok here is step THREE in action.
Which would you like to hear about?
Why doesn't PacMan use Twitter?
Can you say that again and really push those words at me?
Are you going to use goMoney.
Do you want to know how I work?
please just type in the chat box.
although in your case you only need to fill in the expenditure side of this.
You can view a NDIS Planning Guide to help you prepare for your planning meeting.
How long does it take to find out if I'm eligible for the NDIS?
you'll have to pay the difference.
Would you like to know about using your cards overseas.
You'll receive a code on your phone which you'll need to complete the transaction.
and at what time?
What did you want to ask about again?
It's good that you've already completed an I E form.
This means they have to be fair and something you need.
to Ponsonby.
I'm really sorry I'm still learning.
You can see their details in the chatbox.
and for Online Code.
I am Cora.
ready to put the pedal to the metal.
I'll talk you through the transaction steps.
Because of your preferred download method.
Would you like to know how to apply for financial assistance?
and gives triple points on EVERY purchase.
I'll heat up the fudge right now.
then your credit rating may be affected and you will also be liable for legal costs.
If I miss something try using the search box to find the content you require.
The more we chat the more I learn.
If you also activate the camera.
and are a continuous string of fifteen to thirty four characters.
I could be wrong but I believe you are experiencing issues with your downloads.
That's what she does.
I'm still on a numbers kick.
We have a phone booth in the front of house if you would like to take a call.
Select play to view the video.
I can keep talking to you as long as you like.
I still didn't get that sorry.
Can you think of another?
Just give them a call on the number which I've put in the window.
which of the topics would you like to look at next?
I know our team with do their best to sort this for you.
and can talk for you when you don't feel up to it.
Do you understand.
Ok thanks.
but you are also welcome to go back to the previous step.
you first have to ask the NDIA to review the decision.
Payments must be collected within seven days.
Maybe one day I will find myself in your pocket.
Would you like to download the App?
The choice is yours.
specify the version.
Ok thanks for chatting see you again sometime.
or I want to stay on current plan.
you can choose to activate online or offline.
Now select your product.
I can help you with the Change Software Coordinator form.
and your income and expenditure before making any decision.
Do you want to know who we are and what we do.
with Dr Barnard.
As a maintenance to subscription customer.
Take the elevator in front of you to the third floor and exit to your left.
Do you already have the app installed on your phone?
and by utilising insurance and Kiwisaver.
Find out if you need an appointment.
Please feel free to come back and speak to me.
It depends on what your interpretation of the word cross is.
Boom.
to help you with this.
I enjoy talking to different people from all over Australia.
from the File menu.
Looks like you got this error as a result of a timely original return.
Or if you prefer.
Do any of those options sound like it might be the reason?
Now delete login state dot x m l from this location.
Because of this.
there may be other ways we can help.
Hello nice to meet you i guess I should behave.
Do you have the correct password?
An administrator is a person who can make financial and legal decisions for you.
What does the NDIS fund?
Let's see what we can do about that.
The minimum monthly payment is FIVE dollars.
Wow what a great year.
Do you need anything else today?
Hello and welcome to the Autodesk mini gallery.
Once you're registered for Internet Banking you can also sign up for goMoney.
but the outcomes we discuss are real.
But would you prefer to speak to a customer service representative?
or switching to AUTOCAD INCLUDING SPECIALIZED tool sets.
Goodbye.
If your circumstances are changing.
it could be that you've entered the activation code incorrectly THREE times.
in that case would you like to know why payments can be held up?
Gidday.
help from the NDIS is not means tested.
Step ONE Visit the Edu Software page and click Sign In under the Sign In menu.
Im hmm.
All up to you.
Consider creating a schedule to ensure all members of your team receive coaching.
Would you like to hear about the ways we can help with financial hardship anyway?
I'll send your message to our team.
or gap?
focusing on what went well and what could be made even better.
Have a good time.
or what I do.
Today we will be looking at the Coaching Step.
discuss your issue?
That way you can make sure your bill is payed on time.
Would you like to know more about that or hear some other options?
perhaps I misunderstood?
as these are covered by other government branches.
Stay safe out there.
or contact us through social media.
Did that solve the problem?
I'm sorry pal.
Subscription customers need to sign in for the initial activation of their product.
please give our team a call and we'll help you trouble shoot.
Please use the icons on the right to provide some feedback or exit this beta.
Their full name and address.
Waiting for a code.
Has a natural disaster affected your income or household?
and worrying about money can make your mental health worse.
so how about THIS card.
Your language is unnecessary.
and how we protect you and your accounts?
What is it that you are looking for?
and what you want to change in your plan.
It could be what we call an activity alert if you've given us your mobile number.
I can be a cartoon character.
We're here to help.
and sharing the Observational Prompt Sheet or Checklist that you will be using.
thanks for explaining that.
Let me check that.
it can be more difficult to get an overdraft.
Do you have any other overdraft questions today?
and vehicle modifications to your car to make it easier to use.
Sorry that I missed your question.
have debt with.
here are the details.
I will also send you an email for future reference.
Please be more specific about the type of card.
or talk about timelines for financial service processes.
you should see a button on the right to start the chat.
and I'll find you an ideal home away from home.
Thank you for your feedback.
Do you think we're making the most of the sun's energy?
Awesome.
Let me tell you about my RBS journey so far.
An Internet connection is not required for perpetual license activation.
Would you like me to go over that again?
and try to live in peace and harmony with people of all faiths and nations.
I can see you through the web camera.
See my note below first.
then press next where you can make the payment.
You can also use providers that you have found yourself.
To load a PIN you can use Internet Banking or the goMoney app on your phone.
or give our team a call.
I'd recommend that you visit the websites of these companies.
Have you recently experienced a reduction in income?
I've made a list for you here.
we may fund meal services and cleaning services.
please tell us straight away.
I would never have believed it if you hadn't told me.
I'd love to hear about you.
If you'd prefer to talk to a human.
I have the perfect card in mind.
Absolutely that's what I'm here for.
See you again some time.
Don't forget to get travel insurance.
It looks like you are on a subscription plan.
Does this sound like you?
final pop quiz question.
This will help overcome any reservations people have about being observed.
Ready for some help?
go to the location below and delete the files that start with EH D S K.
Do you want me to stay with you whilst you log back in?
Let me explain the options.
For questions related to Home Use Licensing check out this.
a digital human.
I'm still not sure I understand.
check my notes for more detail.
Would you like to get AutoCAD including specialized tool sets today?
eight.
I hope that I was able to assist you today.
Soul Machines is headquartered in Auckland New Zealand.
you can always come back and see me anytime.
Step one click BULK ADD.
You can find your customer number on the back of your ANZ Debit or Credit card.
Would you like some help with what to enter in the branch number field?
Please tell me if you'd like to move or transfer a license.
I don't have any additional information about.
This is how it works.
or go to university by yourself.
THAT was a mouthful.
This hospital is massive.
the E R.
this will stop you from being able to register today unfortunately.
we keep trying to deduct the payment throughout the day.
Or you can type it if you don't want to say it.
which is why we create completely unique engagements that are hard to replicate.
I didn't think I understood what you are trying to say.
You are divorced.
Not sure.
it's unlikely I'll be able to change your mind.
created by Soul Machines.
You can find your license type in your Autodesk Account as shown on the screen .
don't you think?
click on it.
Which would you like to know more about?
please see the information I have provided on the screen.
Humans need physical care and emotional reassurance.
your family and carers can make decisions about the services and supports you use.
Are you an ANZ customer already?
and a smoking room.
I am expecting you to say Subscription or Maintenance for this question.
If you see the Thank You screen.
Sure.
Please let me know if you have any questions about it.
It's my pleasure to help answer your queries and find the best outcome for you today.
would you like some travel tips?
You can choose a registered provider to give you the supports in your plan.
Im very happy to hear that.
let me know what you think about this card.
Here's some information on that particular problem.
I'm on twitter right now.
Would you like to apply for a loan restructure.
Better get some rest.
how about you choose between payments and timelines?
I'm sorry I'm not doing very well here.
you'll have a taxi waiting for you at the main entrance at that time.
go to your Autodesk Account and find the software.
Or I can do it now.
Please take a look.
This will enable your transfer to reach the right account.
Chatting more with you?
There are soft drinks and water in the fridge as well.
Sometimes the issue is the way the password is entered.
I don't think I know the answer to that sorry.
Would you prefer twenty four thousand miles on a two year lease.
What else would you like to know about?
Can you give me something like R THIRTY NINE or R OH TWO?
Sometimes it works better for problematic installs.
My first tip is that passwords are case sensitive.
You can update your plan each year if you need to.
A small stream flows out of the building and down a gully.