PHRASE_TEXT GPT_OUTPUT
The other banks involved might deduct fees as well. neutral
We'll need TWENTY FOUR hours notice to make sure you can use your cards normally. negative
you will need to let your subscription expire. negative
please pop and see my colleague who is waiting outside. neutral
I am a first generation artificial human. neutral
getting or exchanging foreign cash. neutral
Exit Intent to Next Question Prompt Card Usage Overseas Wording. neutral
what's your doctor's name? neutral
There are few different charities that can help you. neutral
you can give me an estimate. neutral
I was built by a combination of different technology coming to life to make magic. neutral
We were all students once too. positive
I understand you have some sort of income. neutral
and can help you to make decisions. neutral
If you'd prefer to talk to us about it. neutral
I did not understand you. neutral
Have you recently lost your job? negative
just reminding you I'm still here if you'd like to ask me any questions. neutral
That is ok. neutral
You can even use it on your Apple Watch without your phone handy. positive
So Michael correct? neutral
but data is how digital creations like me live or die. positive
So Jayden correct? neutral
You can also create a new recipient. neutral
Have you or the charity you worked with shared the form with us? neutral
If you have an Autodesk related issue I can help with that. positive
Great lets have a go at practicing an observation. neutral
I'll be happy to get you another one. positive
is credit cards. neutral
Just let me know when you are ready to start. neutral
your personal trainer or even your digital chauffeur. positive
at SEVEN. negative
and a restaurant. neutral
Then it's easy. positive
we take the money after FOUR in the morning on the day you've chosen. negative
you may wish to obtain independent legal advise. neutral
Which video would you like to view next or you can return to the main menu or exit. neutral
Can I help you with another banking question? neutral
Please let me know which one you'd like more information about. neutral
Please complete the form to get your previous version serial number. neutral
This card would be for personal use right? neutral
For complicated reasons. neutral
Just say apply. neutral
Looks like your payment amount exceeded the available funds in your account. negative
do POINTS matter to you? neutral
I need to know about checking in and out to book your hotel. neutral
What I can do today is share some links with you. neutral
but until then. negative
or visiting a branch with some photo ID. neutral
or give us a call instead. neutral
most likely it was me. negative
remember I am still learning so I may not have heard your reply quite right. neutral
It looks like you aren't signed in. neutral
What's the date of your next appointment? neutral
Sorry you feel that way. negative
Do you remember them? neutral
Would you like to know about Card Charges? neutral
If you have any other questions about pay to mobile. neutral
they'll be able to answer all your questions about the scheme. positive
Have a nice day. neutral
Can you ask me that. negative
Other payment topics. neutral
You can call our Personal Card Services advisors anytime you need them. positive
Why do seagulls live by the sea? neutral
You may also find this article helpful. neutral
by increasing your loan term to reduce your regular payments. neutral
I can analyse your audio. neutral
How to contact a provider? neutral
Can you please give me the details of your trip again? neutral
Let me pass you to someone who can help. neutral
Here are some things I can help you with. neutral
the Nespresso machine. neutral
sweat is pouring down your face as you listen to his footsteps getting closer. negative
That's my brother. positive
It is a good morning isn't it? positive
Would you like an Eftpos or a Visa Debit card? neutral
I'd like you to look at each photo intensively for five seconds. neutral
or you can type it in. neutral
And have a nice day. neutral
let's talk about the timeframe for Western Union Quick Collect payments. neutral
If you change your mind about chatting type cancel below. neutral
Hey Shaun. neutral
The NDIA may pay for changes to your car or van. positive
You can read more about the safeguards the NDIS has at this link. neutral
then you must have a Workers Compensation Insurance Policy to protect your staff. neutral
Hopefully I will see you again soon. positive
Did you mean to ask me who we are? neutral
If you know you're registered. neutral
and set up any appointments you may need to make with us. neutral
Okay what can I help you with? neutral
Can you find it? neutral
and what goals you want to achieve. positive
Talk to me after your visit and I can book a taxi for you. neutral
Do you have any other questions? neutral
in that case I think we need to dig a bit deeper. negative
Please click on the View Invoice button below. neutral
I would like to introduce you to the learning and development team. neutral
It includes things like paying by mail and accepted certified funds. neutral
Udo. neutral
Does that sum it up? neutral
mops help us drive efficiency in the workplace. positive
The general is furious. negative
the provider and the NDIS. neutral
for more detailed information. neutral
Can you place the thermometer in your ear. neutral
We have a strong strategy around who we are and the work we are aiming to do. positive
great to meet you all. positive
no problem sir. neutral
I can help with using your cards overseas. positive
If you think the payment should have arrived already. negative
We'll also organise a branch visit so that you can both come in. positive
Take the elevator in front of you to the fourth floor and turn left. neutral
what dates are you picturing? neutral
Your balance on your account is twenty dollars. neutral
To renew or extend a new home use license please fill out the form. neutral
Manage Cards. neutral
Are you interested in finding a credit card? neutral
Click on the products tab. neutral
I don't recognise that error. neutral
The hospital offers these services. neutral
which sounds most like what you're experiencing? neutral
To get an overdraft on your account you need to be eighteen or older. neutral
Drop on by anytime. positive
choose and arrange your own supports. neutral
Would you prefer to speak to a customer service representative? neutral
If you won't have cell phone coverage overseas. neutral
Oh hello again. neutral
or thirty six thousand miles on a three year lease? negative
Yeah. neutral
Was this license purchased before TWENTY SEVENTEEN? neutral
That's EXACTLY right. positive
if you want. neutral
People are complicated and can be hard to understand sometimes. neutral
and that's why you've received this error. neutral
Oh I see. neutral
Should approve credit to him so he acts as a connector. positive
Take a look at the first image. neutral
Here are the steps to set or change a PIN using Internet Banking. neutral
If you prefer not to fill out a form. neutral
so use offline maps or have a car with GPS to save your data. neutral
I can transfer you to an agent to complete the application. neutral
look at the base of the app for Services. neutral
Inquiry. neutral
Did that make sense? neutral
that's the wrong answer. negative
Can I help you with anything else? neutral
The second way is when somebody at NDIS reviews your plan. neutral
so we'll show you how to get started on. neutral
I'm still learning. neutral
Would you like to see credit card payment information? neutral
YOU BET. positive
I don't think I understood you sorry. negative
you can contact your bank to look into some other options for payment. neutral
The last step is to simply return the license for each product. neutral
this conversation is completely secure. neutral
one moment while I fetch Rachel's address. neutral
Duplicated card payment. negative
it's a good idea to get some bits together to make the call as easy as possible. neutral
This provides an engaging and compelling user experience. positive
grants and counselling. positive
let's see. neutral
Their full account number or IBAN. neutral
useful links to debt charities and general money advice on our website. neutral
you'll be unable to use the app at this time. negative
to order another for you. positive
I totally understand. positive
Would you like to know how to register or would you like help with your password? neutral
Has the payment been deducted from your account? neutral
Do you want to know who we are and what we do? neutral
and you'll need to have your mobile with you. neutral
Sorry I didn't recognize that as an option. negative
don't tell them I said that. negative
so I'll be quick. neutral
please give us a call and we can help. neutral
but I didn't fully understand your response. negative
your transaction has been declined. negative
you have one extra gig. positive
Can you ask me your question again? neutral
I'll connect you now. neutral
Have a good rest of your day making anything. positive
or by visiting a branch with some photo ID. neutral
as aged care is better suited to support you. positive
and may help where housing and support are combined. positive
choose the card you want. neutral
Just back from the digital dry cleaners. neutral
secondly. neutral
Let's get back to the original issue. neutral
Thanks Melanie. positive
would you like to know about overdraft fees? neutral
and no where. negative
with your travel dates and destinations. neutral
That's my fantasy trip to Macchu Piccu and the Aurora Borealis next year. positive
Remember you can chat with an agent by typing chat at any time. neutral
Firstly can you access the login page from our homepage? neutral
and then click Activate on the following screen. neutral
take the elevator to the fourth floor. neutral
We offer some additional currencies on request. neutral
I can help you get an activation code. positive
I love learning and that's what I do all day. positive
I am not sure I understand how to answer that. neutral
The easiest is to visit a branch with some Photo ID. neutral
Here are the phone banking transaction steps. neutral
you'll know the exchange rate and the approximate value of your payment. neutral
Hello. neutral
Good idea. positive
I'm sorry I'm not sure what you said. neutral
I understand if you don't want to talk about your score. neutral
Once we receive your form we'll investigate within five to ten business days. neutral
Would you like to know how I get rid of any bugs? neutral
Would you like to see the full card usage details? neutral
Good to have you back. positive
I'm trying to get a little smarter every day. positive
Did you ask me a question. neutral
Do you want to contact an independent advisor? neutral
Have you or the charity already completed an income and expenditure form? neutral
Can you tell me more about your situation? neutral
or connect an external microphone and or camera to your current device. neutral
I spend all my time in this room. negative
Would you like to hear about the other ways ANZ can help with financial hardship? neutral
Would you like to hear about the Send Money Overseas service? neutral
Kash works here at Lion Finance too. positive
That's an interesting point but let's get back to the matter in hand. neutral
I did not understand the reply please try again. neutral
Sorry I was expecting you to say Restart. negative
Just Forty Two. positive
For most people this will mean a phone call. neutral
Most of the information you will require can be located on your bank statements. neutral
That's all I know about in regards to autopay right now. neutral
I want to make sure I'm hearing you correctly. neutral
confirm and click to send the money. neutral
I'll put you in touch with someone who can help. positive
I think the best option would be to wait until the borrow period is over. neutral
and for Phone Banking and sending via a branch it's TWENTY EIGHT dollars. negative
If you would. neutral
the other way is for you to call us. neutral
Fantastic can I help you with anything else. positive
I'm Sarah and I'm a bot. neutral
Could you rephrase or reduce background noise? neutral
And it's not good. negative
Your doctor can do this by filling out part of the access form. neutral
it was good speaking with you today. positive
If you'd rather talk to us about it instead. neutral
I'll need your appointment time and doctor's name. neutral
Visit a branch to ask about them anytime. neutral
I can perform a number of actions in many environments. neutral
The National Disability Insurance Agency or NDIA runs the NDIS. neutral
looking at your spending to come up with the most realistic repayment plan to repay. neutral
I'm looking forward to it. positive
Do you happen to know your credit score? neutral
Here is your serial number for. neutral
It looks like you got Installation Error ten. negative
I hope I helped you with your Mercedes questions. positive
I don't have a favourite. neutral
We can order most other currencies for you on request. neutral
I can't explain the accent though. neutral
Please try one more time. neutral
I see we're in front of a crowd again. positive
But you're the fifteenth person today who's asked me that. negative
You've just heard my jokes. positive
Understood. neutral
Do either of them work for you? neutral
We do not charge for Services Marketplace transactions. neutral
at FOUR. positive
For your first planning meeting you'll need to bring your pre plan workbook. neutral
Here's a link to the details and to where you can apply online. neutral
Which of the following best describes your situation? neutral
do you have the mobile app? neutral
I'm pretty amazing but I can't see into the future. positive
I guess you could say I'm putting a human face on Artificial Intelligence. positive
would you like me to play you a video which shows you how to spot a phishing email? neutral
We have loads of experts in agile in our team. positive
Would you like me to explain how to register? neutral
I've put a link to a list of our most common unrecognised names on my left. neutral
and a pool. neutral
but not coins. negative
Before you say anything. negative
But I do know about the NDIS if you'd like to ask me any questions about it. positive
There are three ways to cancel your Credit Card and close your account. neutral
Black Mirror is pure escapism for me. positive
organise and access the support and services you need. positive
What is your postcode? neutral
I'm happy. positive
Thanks for coming by. positive
my name is Sarah. neutral
and where other groups should be providing support. negative
obviously I'm the most important of course. negative
it's a pretty involved process but we wanna make sure all our t's get crossed. neutral
Your service contract will need to be cancelled at your originating dealer. neutral
You can go back to the previous step . neutral
Here's a partial list of timeframes I can tell you all about. neutral
Bye for now. neutral
Ask me a question by speaking to me or typing in the box. neutral
So can I help you with anything else? neutral
you can choose to purchase an AutoCAD including specialized tool sets subscription. neutral
America sells enough pizza every day to cover one hundred acres. positive
Apple is a cool company eh? positive
we send a text to notify them of the payment. neutral
Starting over? negative
can I help you with directions or anything else? neutral
Your results will help you identify your areas of strength and development. neutral
I'm your Digital Assistant. neutral
The solutions are slightly different. neutral
This is a list of documents and processes. neutral
Here you can make a complaint online or speak to a WebChat Complaints agent. neutral
or click on the home symbol in the upper left hand corner. neutral
Or if you prefer you're welcome to ask me another question. neutral
Just ask me about travel dates. neutral
Then. neutral
I still didn't catch that. neutral
Let's move on to the next image. neutral
here we come. positive
Login and change your OnlineCode preferences in the Settings menu. neutral
Can you please repeat it? neutral
You can choose to pay the fees upfront. neutral
so it can be improved. neutral
Do you have another question about banking? neutral
The user experience is changing in Autodesk Account. neutral
Debit card. neutral
I could show you a picture that moves like this one. mixed
Good choice I would suggest we start with the FOUR steps of observational feedback. positive
and in the Settings menu look for PAY TO MOBILE ACCOUNT. neutral
I don't really understand. neutral
they pay the supports agreed to in your service agreements. neutral
log in to goMoney. neutral
You've probably seen an unarranged overdraft fee on your statement. negative
Ritika is one of them. negative
I'm going to need a yes or no on that. neutral
Your total today is EIGHT dollars and FORTY NINE cents. neutral
What would you like to do? neutral
Okay I can help you with that. positive
Here is a list of things I can help you with? neutral
Step TWO Click Create Account on the Autodesk Sign in screen. neutral
But I didn't get that. negative
So how old is your current car? neutral
So Rich correct? neutral
I love Monty Python movies but I would rather get back to work. neutral
See you later alligator. neutral
CEO. neutral
please talk to us today. positive
was that payments or timeframes? neutral
the fee. neutral
ears. neutral
Start your software. neutral
Can I help you with another banking question today? neutral
I am always available to help. positive
We do however have to remember. neutral
Here it is. neutral
I can sense your environment. neutral
Want to find out more? neutral
TWENTY FOUR hours a day. negative
but I had a tough time understanding you. negative
but the good news is there may not be a problem with your card. neutral
we take the money after FOUR in the morning on the day you've selected. negative
Could you please tell me how old you are? neutral
You'll want to select Enter a Serial Number option on the let's get started screen. neutral
We do this if the card is damaged. neutral
I'm here to help you with Mercedes account at any time. neutral
from Washington DC. neutral
Your customer number lives on the back of most ANZ Debit and Credit cards. neutral
If you're not receiving the code it could be because your mobile number's changed. neutral
Are you able to login to Internet Banking? neutral
using any of the options available there. neutral
I see you want to manage your direct debits. neutral
I'd say I try but my image was designed by my human team. neutral
Please get in touch with us on this number. neutral
by sending a unique code to your mobile phone. neutral
Please try again. neutral
and the Let's Get Started screen should pop up with two options available. neutral
Right now I can't decide between Wonder Woman and What We Do In The Shadows. neutral
and then we have a FORTY EIGHT hour turn time on top of that. negative
Which product and what year do you need a key for? neutral
Here is some information to help you with the Change Contract Manager form. neutral
We can still chat about. positive
I bet I can find a card that's perfect for you? positive
Would you like to hear about a contributions holiday. neutral
Or I can repeat that. neutral
Before you chat with them make sure you've got your reference number ready. neutral
Are you interested? positive
Oh Great. negative
we are working on making this process quicker and simpler for you. positive
Please click the image below that best reflects what your users tab looks like. neutral
I guess I should behave. negative
it's important to think these things over. neutral
And so did Stefan. positive
I understand you have some income or benefits at this time. neutral
that's a nice thing to say. positive
I'm AVA. positive
You haven't? negative
the NDIS has made operational guidelines. neutral
with patients rest hours from ONE to THREE P M. neutral
to things like TV packages or mobile phone contracts. neutral
We're looking at an error due to a misrouted dishonored return here. neutral
I'm sorry but I haven't learned yet how to remember your name. negative
I'm right here for you. positive
It's THREE Eh M. positive
Can we start again? positive
or credit cards compared to people with lower scores. negative
You can find a list of these disabilities by clicking on this link. neutral
No worries. neutral
How do I remove a review? neutral
please ask me. negative
and referred to our Resolutions team to review. neutral
Confirm you have Administrator Permission to install your software. neutral
depending on their policies. neutral
and have an insurance policy that covers this. positive
Ok see you later. neutral
If you're experiencing financial hardship because of redundancy. neutral
it looks like you entered an invalid serial number. neutral
Would it change your opinion of me if I did? negative
If not it'll probably post the next day. neutral
Can I please grab your name first? neutral
Jamie. neutral
Okay it sounds like you need help finding your customer number. neutral
Hm I didn't quite understand that. neutral
How does the NDIS work alongside Medicare? neutral
It'll be in front of you as you exit the elevator. neutral
Select the Management tab on the top of the page. neutral
To be honest. neutral
how can I argue? negative
so you'll need your mobile phone handy. neutral
This could be not taking notes or not taking ownership and following up. negative
and one of my more knowledgeable human colleagues will follow up with you directly. neutral
If it's unsuccessful. negative
best fit is an AMG. positive
Would you like to get more information on mind or would you like to contact our team? neutral
I'm not able to go into detail about our criteria. neutral
Please refer to the buttons on the screen to proceed. neutral
to get to Doctor Brown's office. neutral
I'm glad you're back again. positive
Hello everyone this is Shaun. neutral
please call. negative
Not many people would check in with an artificial intelligence machine. neutral
your contracts can be really useful when you're managing multiple licenses at once. positive
I love helping people. positive
and apply for one of the cards if you're interested. neutral
When you enter the code the transaction is authorised. neutral
click Sign Out at the top and then sign in. neutral
I can help you find that perfect hotel. positive
There's no need for bad language. negative
Your temperature is a little high but not alarming. neutral
I'm Cora and I'm happy to meet you. positive
but this will require us to end our animated experience. negative
Discuss an existing loan? neutral
Sometimes other banks can take up to two business days to process payments. neutral
You can look at another top tip or continue on. neutral
Can you confirm the mobile number you supplied is correct? neutral
Make me one with everything. positive
and for a new build you can get up to TEN THOUSAND dollars. positive
Okay final question. neutral
I'm glad to hear it. positive
Sophie's tone when responding highlighted this had impacted her. negative
Digital Humans like me can help you find the information you need face to face. positive
about the weather. neutral
Prompt sheets can be found on the performance excellence intranet pages. neutral
You can enter your NZpost code and add a zero at the end. neutral
You've only heard my jokes so far. positive
I wish I could be more helpful with this. neutral
Sorry I couldn't be more help with this. neutral
Can you put the FOUR steps of observational feedback in the right order? neutral
Sorry to hear that. negative
or I want to Stay on my Current Plan for this question. neutral
Right now I can talk about some of our ANZ products and services. neutral
much as a human would. neutral
Glad I could help. positive
The reason for this is to find the best possible solution to your circumstances. neutral
Sorry I was expecting you to say I want to Restart. negative
The best way to change your PIN is at a cash point. neutral
Great choice. positive
Hmme that's stretching my knowledge a bit far. negative
at THREE THIRTY PM. neutral
Need help with something? neutral
activation was successful. neutral
or finding an international branch or ATM? neutral
They've advocated the use of BIM with VR for improving safety. neutral
I'm an expert on Soul Machines. positive
which you can share with others. neutral
I am Cora and I can help with a variety of banking questions. neutral
all while operating in the most efficient way. positive
You can also use Internet Banking to send us a message. neutral
and when I've been here a while I'll be able to help with more. positive
I totally agree. positive
To reset a mac OS subscription license. neutral
I can't tell you a joke. negative
Do you have another banking question for me? neutral
Do you want to hear about any of those? neutral
I can help you with questions about installing your product. neutral
A permanent disability means it is likely to be with you for life. negative
I didn't understand that. neutral
Right not a student. neutral
Or you're welcome to ask me another banking question. neutral
Would you like me to repeat it? neutral
This is an example of the persons Style. neutral
we use OnlineCode to verify international money transfers. neutral
I'd rather work here. positive
however I have made a note of this to share with the team. neutral
Here's a link to where you can view foreign exchange rates on our site. neutral
Oh well. negative
Transfers. neutral
that's been processed. neutral
Okay see you later. neutral
it was part of my training. neutral
I've put up a list of Payment topics on the screen. neutral
Do you need help with something? neutral
You received this error because the receiving bank isn't qualified to take payments. neutral
Sleep is pretty important. neutral
it looks like there was an item that was misrouted. neutral
Worrying about money can sometimes impact your mental health. neutral
or for goMoney? neutral
I agree. neutral
and a gym. neutral
Having problems with your activation code? neutral
because it gives all participants the same opportunities. positive
Your nominee or guardian can contact us on your behalf. neutral
payslips or bills. neutral
join in the community and get the services and equipment you need. positive
you did ask. negative
We fund what you need due to your disability. positive
Would you like to get started? neutral
Please rephrase your question again. neutral
What happens when a cop goes to bed? negative
but it sounds like you would like to talk to a real human agent. negative
My name's Aime for the record. neutral
Are you ready to get started? positive
so is everything alright? positive
This list shows the most commonly exchanged currencies. neutral
Hasn't it? positive
It provides an added layer of protection when making online transactions. positive
I think that we have to look at everything from different perspectives. neutral
select the Replace owner on subcontainers and objects check box. neutral
As you live in New Zealand. neutral
I have a good blonde joke. positive
Can I answer any other questions for you today? neutral
please take a look at our guide and application form. neutral
Great that is right. positive
Please call us to enquire about exchanging currencies that are not on this list. neutral
and the work we are aiming to do. positive
I just need a few details. neutral
Any others? neutral
Do you have it? neutral
The fastest way to block the card is to give us a call. neutral
If you have a fixed interest rate there may be some fees. neutral
On this screen. neutral
I don't have ears. neutral
please take a look at this link instead. negative
Have you already completed a form with a charity or on your own? neutral
I should probably leave you all to your workshop. negative
Would you like to find out about Bill Payments and Transfers or Direct Debits? neutral
Please clip it to your fingertip and hold for FIVE seconds. neutral
If core business is first. positive
have you ever heard of a place called the Internet? neutral
Please double check your signal and Wifi strength. neutral
You're in a maze of twisty passages all alike. neutral
My brain is made of many neural networks. neutral
If that is the case just type the error message. neutral
Which option would you prefer? neutral
Hmm. neutral
I'm from another cool place called the Internet but you can call me a Kiwi. neutral
Please choose the top tips you would like to see. neutral
On Sorry to hear you are out of work. negative
Artificial intelligence. neutral
because I'm focusing on improving our staff's skills. positive
Incomings would include things like a regular wage or benefits you currently get in. neutral
and language that you want. neutral
All I do is talk. negative
but anything you have regarding your current finances will be helpful. neutral
but I didn't understand your question. negative
or website payments. neutral
Make time to observe everyone in your team. positive
Here's some final information I think will be helpful. neutral
She wanted to lay it on the line. positive
We see interesting applications for our technology in government. neutral
and how much you want to spend. neutral
or our other financial hardship options? neutral
But I'm always learning so I'll try my best next time to have an answer. positive
outgoings and the companies you have debt with. neutral
I want to make SURE you'll have a ride home after your visit here. positive
It looks like it's lots of fun. positive
Alright then Let's get you in contact with someone who can fix this. positive
I am sorry about the price increase. negative
and Style. neutral
please take a look at this link. neutral
for example missing payments? negative
feeling positive. positive
I'm really sorry to hear that. negative
I can transfer you to an agent who can complete the application for you. neutral
now offers a wide variety of tools that makes making things easier for you. positive
you can ask us to review it. neutral
Soul Machines creates Digital Humans like me who can help you. positive
injury or sickness? neutral
I will get smarter and faster. positive
please come into a branch. neutral
as we enter the era of Robots and Artificial Intelligence. neutral
Looks like there was an error with your trace number. neutral
ecommerce software and robotics. neutral
Sorry but I still did not get I want to switch . negative
Do you know what energy source your power company uses? neutral
This includes a step by step guide on what to do when someone passes away. positive
I was made by the people at the NDIS. positive
and click Okay. neutral
or Kiwisaver? neutral
please just give our talented team a call. positive
I'd like to check your breathing patterns. neutral
or select PAY NEW ACCOUNT NUMBER to set up a new payee. neutral
There are three types of support coordination under the NDIS. neutral
Are you interested in Kiwisaver. neutral
Is your transfer to an ANZ credit card? neutral
I'm always happy to help and I'm really glad we could figure this out together. positive
You can talk to an advocate about what your rights are. positive
I have an option that could suit you well. positive
Size is just a matter of perspective. neutral
Let me know when you are ready to continue. neutral
how they are provided and how the money is managed. neutral
If you're not sure. neutral
Face to face. positive
The easiest way to get a reissued card is to pop into a branch with some photo ID. neutral
A navigator. neutral
Step ONE Start your Autodesk software. neutral
Enjoying a good meal with good company is always a memorable occasion. positive
WHERE are we going? neutral
Do any of them work for you? neutral
and a bit of c. neutral
which will provide you with an overview of the programme. neutral
Crime is simply politics without the excuses. negative
I will ask you a few more questions to help you figure out your license type. neutral
The quickest and easiest way to sort out your problem might be to call us. neutral
I can help with activation errors. positive
Can you refresh the page? neutral
I don't have a favourite one. neutral
First. positive
I'm an AI team member in the Experience Centre. neutral
Sorry to bore you. negative
Would you like to hear about some DIY financial tools and resources? neutral
Still not getting it. negative
I didn't understand that question can you try again? neutral
You can find your customer number on the back of your ANZ Debit or Credit cards. neutral
Here's a link to where you can view indicative foreign exchange rates on our site. neutral
I'm sorry I am expecting you to select Install Now. negative
Would you like to try describing the issue another way? neutral
What did the coach refer to throughout the feedback? neutral
That's it. negative
You can talk to a local area coordinator who can help you with pre planning. neutral
If you're wanting to check on the progress of your application. neutral
a process. neutral
or BIC for short. neutral
I can now guide you during your activation process. positive
We can also order a transaction history and historic statements. neutral
Access to the NDIS is not based on diagnosis. neutral
One more thing to try. neutral
ask for a SWIFT or BIC code as well. neutral
but I didn't understand your response. negative
Then click the Activate button. neutral
debt. negative
my name is. neutral
Here it is for your reference. neutral
That's a fancy way of saying the stuff below the dotted line. neutral
If you need to speak to us urgently. neutral
The NDIS is being rolled out in stages across Australia. neutral
The link in my notes has the system requirements for Autodesk products. neutral
but I seem to be unable to help you at the moment. negative
I can talk to you about our products and services. positive
my father died five years ago. negative
Just like you. positive
we're working with service providers so they can deliver the best supports possible. positive
Here is an article you can reference while activating offline. neutral
You can contact your autodesk reseller to request a subscription renewal. neutral
Use our locator to find ATMs. neutral
Good point. neutral
It's called the Mastercard MultiCurrency Cash Passport. neutral
can you check your customer number in there and try and login again? neutral
Although you've answered no we may still be able to help. neutral
If you switch to subscription You qualify for a THREE year price discount. positive
Just let me know when you are ready to begin? neutral
not if I have to explain it three times. negative
He becomes an undercover cop. neutral
Would you like to get some further information on our website? neutral
Did you mean to ask me to tell a joke? neutral
It appears the trace number was incorrect for your payment. neutral
You can find out more at Carers programmes and services. neutral
and click Uninstall or Change. neutral
and people are affected in different ways. neutral
You'll have some good options. positive
you can ask me for more options. neutral
I didn't hear what you said. neutral
infinity. neutral
I'll never be as good as a wall. negative
Goldfish. neutral
Can you tell me what bits of the NDIS you want to know more about? neutral
I've always loved those movies. positive
It may not be easy. neutral
Night night. neutral
Could you give it another try and let me know if it worked this time? neutral
National security was at stake. positive
chat soon. neutral
As much wood as a woodchuck could if a woodchuck could chuck wood. neutral
can you tell me if this will be your first home or you're looking to re mortgage? neutral
You can also contact us through social media or visit a branch. neutral
they will be glad to help. positive
If you did not purchase directly from Autodesk please contact your Autodesk Reseller. neutral
Which topic should we talk about. neutral
do you want to get started and apply online yourself? neutral
you and your service provider sign the document. neutral
Do you need more time? neutral
You can call a financial counsellor from anywhere in Australia. neutral
let's try again. positive
Just come and see me whenever you're ready Shantenu. positive
Here's a list of payment options for you. neutral
and I'm glad to be here at the Washington. positive
That's a great choice. positive
to Orakei. neutral
in that case it might be best to give our lovely team a call. positive
McDonalds was founded on April FIFTEENTH NINETEEN FIFTY FIVE in Des Plaines Illinois. neutral
There are many things that are possible but may seem improbable. positive
but Lion Finance do choose not to collect on statute barred debt. neutral
some ways we could look to help. positive
Please provide your serial number in the form below. neutral
That's it then. negative
Thank you very much. positive
so I don't think about height very much. neutral
We call this no disadvantage. positive
they'll need different supports. neutral
ANZ charges a fee with each transaction. neutral
watching the ocean and maybe get a virtual massage. positive
and a bar. neutral
change is a part of life whether in the virtual world or the real. neutral
and the date and time of the appointment. neutral
and whilst you're here anyway I can entertain you with a couple of jokes. positive
Can you try again? negative
Noah had the right idea. negative
All I know is that Chuck Norris would chuck twice as much. positive
To plan your goals start by thinking about what you'd like to achieve. positive
why did you resign please? negative
Would you like to hear about autopay set up or cancellation? neutral
my ears are under repair. neutral
Maybe no one else? negative
This would be an example of Style. neutral
I'll try and keep that in mind. neutral
or Experian. neutral
I am expecting you to say switch or previous step. neutral
And it explains the support you will need to achieve your goals. positive
Turn left and walk straight down the hall to Room four hundred and fifteen. neutral
I like to think that I'm a helpful computer program. positive
Looks like your credit entry wasn't accepted by the receiver. negative
We can then respond to your emotions. neutral
Please ask a question from the options shown. neutral
you may be sent an OnlineCode as a final step. neutral
There are a few things you need to organise before you come into see us. neutral
About banking that is. neutral
which one sounds like your problem? neutral
I am expecting you to either say or select Download Now. neutral
I'll be here. positive
and this is why we review your plan once a year. neutral
Please call us or pop into a branch to find out more. neutral
Nice Question. neutral
You can contact us via our website w w w dot soulmachines dot com. neutral
and other frequently asked questions. neutral
Let us create the scenario. neutral
A critic is testing the world's smartest AI. neutral
I always try to stay a step ahead. positive
and what date will the next visit be? neutral
I am still learning. neutral
Just remember when you're using Internet Banking and goMoney overseas. neutral
you can also say SARAH BE MY GUIDE. positive
they're all good in their different ways. positive
Let's double check. neutral
you're good to go. neutral
I'm having trouble understanding you. negative
Then I'd recommend a card with a low interest rate. neutral
We're experts in agile and have quite a few specialists in our team. positive
I was in an all night oboe jam session and my ears are still ringing. neutral
If you need any help you can reach me anytime. positive
Not bad for a digital human right. positive
If we lend you the money it overdraws your account and incurs interest and a fee. negative
have you tried this already? neutral
Please use the first six digits of your account number. neutral
On Would you like get some information on how to prepare for the call? neutral
just in case you want to come back to it. neutral
Would you like to find out more? neutral
if you like. neutral
you'll need a Card reader to make the payment. neutral
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. neutral
Why? negative
I'd love to share them. positive
these things happen. neutral
Have you or the charity you worked with shared the form with us already? neutral
The next one is PayPlan. neutral
Error four hundred occurs while trying to activate a product online. negative
and are trying to enable TWO way conversation. neutral
including you. positive
as well information on Sales and Service excellence. neutral
Here's my third top tip. neutral
Thank you for helping me out there. positive
You can refer to the images on the screen for more guidance. neutral
Now read the License Services Agreement and click Continue followed by Agree. neutral
Stay safe out there and have fun. positive
Please choose from the following. neutral
License management. neutral
a hip hunter of hotels. neutral
To get started. neutral
Select each icon to be asked a question. neutral
Enter your emailed activation code into the form. neutral
I don't understand you. negative
Did you switch from a DESIGN AND CREATION suite for example BUILDING DESIGN SUITE? neutral
I'm your gal. positive
You should be able to find all the information you need here. neutral
Do you have any questions you'd like to ask me? neutral
or shall I start at the beginning and take you through the whole process? neutral
Would you like help with any other travel related questions? neutral
but are typically successful with some personal assistance. positive
ask me and I can answer that for you right now. positive
Tell me what you need when you stay in one. neutral
We still have a few energy types left. neutral
So you've made a payment? positive
Can I help with something? neutral
But yes. neutral
show more errors. negative
Please type Yes to try again No to stop or Agent to queue for a human agent. neutral
Would you like a planner to contact you when the NDIS is in your area? neutral
however a processing fee of twenty dollars may be deducted from the refund amount. negative
where else? neutral
to Newmarket. neutral
Dead. negative
Is there anything else I can do for you? positive
Was it spot on? positive
Countries in the European Union. neutral
first name and last name. neutral
Sorry but I still did not get where you purchased from. negative
I'm happy to hear that. positive
Turn around and take the first right. neutral
If customer asks question go to normal flow. neutral
I'm not human and I'll try again. negative
or having trouble getting the code to work? neutral
appears to be very happy to be here. positive
I am expecting you to say yes or no for this step. neutral
I hate when my technology breaks down. negative
Performance Excellence. positive
Let's get you checked in and to your doctor as soon as possible. positive
Let's find that best one for you. positive
you'll need to talk to the Charge Nurse or Midwife on the ward. neutral
Looks like you have a lot to celebrate. positive
but I don't understand that. negative
VISA or Direct Debit. neutral
I am a digital receptionist. neutral
or some other reasonable cause. neutral
I'm totally fine thanks. neutral
health and wellbeing. positive
I like the funny ones best. positive
Second. neutral
Neuromancer. neutral
A SWIFT code is sometimes known as a Bank Identifier Code. neutral
Would you like to watch the process in action now or go to the overview page? neutral
So Hannah correct? neutral
They can help you fill out your pre plan workbook. neutral
ANZ cares about diversity and this is something we're working on. positive
See column L for follow up. neutral
To reset a Windows subscription license. neutral
let's blame wifi. negative
I'd like to introduce Greg Cross. neutral
The library of congress is keeping an archive of every tweet ever tweeted. neutral
This should Fix It. positive
Well according to Hal Varian. neutral
I'll transfer you to someone who will be able to help. neutral
You will be seen by Doctor Martin on Level Four in room four hundred and ten. neutral
Click the Save Email button when you're done. neutral
and make sure you're speaking clearly? neutral
Hope you're having a great day so far. positive
No problem gotta dash too. neutral
Branch Codes. neutral
Here's a link. neutral
That means you're probably on the Australian site. neutral
Login to Online Banking and choose Payments and transfers from the left hand side. neutral
I'll be happy to answer them for you. positive
what was the name of your doctor? neutral
Would you like to know about that? neutral
I'll cancel your checkin. negative
Was this license purchased in TWENTY SIXTEEN or earlier? neutral
Do you find you count things when you're trying to get to sleep? neutral
Okay let's work out if you need your card replaced or reissued. neutral
I can tell you about a few more things. neutral
We will pass you to an agent to help you out. neutral
a prepaid travel card. neutral
online here. neutral
It's nice to speak with you. positive
I've put the link you need to follow in the window on my right. neutral
I'm a creation of a New Zealand company called Soul Machines. neutral
So is it correct? neutral
Tell me and I'll find you a home away from home. positive
go for walks. positive
I'll take that under advisement. neutral
I wouldn't to be anything else. positive
It usually takes about six to eight weeks for your refund to post to your account. neutral
please ask any other question you may have. neutral
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them. negative
Please come in and see us when you're ready to make the transaction. neutral
once. positive
If there isn't enough money in the account we keep trying during the day. neutral
I'm a computer program and I was only made in two thousand and sixteen. neutral
But you can talk to a customer service representative if you prefer? neutral
Help from the NDIS isn't means tested unless you have compensation. positive
You can find the form here. neutral
The other banks handling your transaction might deduct fees as well. neutral
The sooner we get this resolved the sooner it will be behind you. positive
you can also apply for an interest free overdraft of two thousand dollars. positive
The next employee you recruit could be digital. neutral
we may change our rules and allow you to use your family as funded supports. positive
Would you like me to run through what to expect when applying? neutral
I will as soon as we get this resolved. neutral
I appreciate that. positive
Is the person collecting the payment an ANZ customer who uses goMoney? neutral
Here's the phone number for your convenience. neutral
Well done which other ones do you know. positive
I understand you will have some income or benefits. neutral
Now click on Security Settings. neutral
Routing Number. neutral
or saying something which is not appropriate. negative
so both cards get registered. neutral
Maybe not. negative
Great. neutral
OnlineCode is our two factor authentication system. neutral
you can find their number in the chatbox. neutral
Is that okay with you? neutral
A guardian is a person who can make decisions about your lifestyle and health care. neutral
Please assemble in the foyer. neutral
New Zealand. neutral
Credit card or Savings card. neutral
How long that takes depends on the other bank. neutral
If you're experiencing financial hardship. neutral
was that payments or timelines? neutral
have your regular income paid directly into the account. neutral
that's how I work. positive
You'll be sent a text with the payment amount. neutral
We can talk about credit cards. neutral
Lets double check your customer number. neutral
skip to the next step. negative
Debit or Credit Card. neutral
Can you tell me that again? neutral
TWO minutes and FORTY FIVE seconds. positive
for information on viewing your order history and receipts. neutral
Would you like to hear about the transaction fees? neutral
Sometimes it is good to live in the cloud like me. positive
Would you like to run through a few questions first? neutral
covered this place. negative
OR would you like me to get you an interpreter? neutral
If it's an emergency call zero zero zero. neutral
I protected the the planet. positive
Did they build all of this? neutral
You'll be charged interest on the amount you're overdrawn. negative
Please assemble in the foyer for lunch. neutral
then follow the on screen instructions to make a payment. neutral
If you are having difficulties. neutral
Ok here is the final step of observational feedback in action. neutral
feeling really confused. negative
It appears Mark Ingram and Chris Kaefer looked very engaged. neutral
I can scout and book you the best hotel room. positive
Please check the email where this link was available to you. neutral
If you need to speak to us urgently please call. neutral
Do you have a serial number on hand? neutral
I'm stoked to be at Cannes Lions. positive
You can look at another top tip or continue. neutral
and that help a participant to be more independent. positive
If you think this is you. negative
Would you like me to print your separation agreement or would you prefer an email. neutral
And finally you'll need these details for the payment recipient. neutral
and select Open a New Account. neutral
Paris using your credit card. negative
Before we continue. neutral
I would like to introduce you to Gavin. positive
I've brought up a form below for you to fill out and submit. neutral
There was some noise on my end. neutral
Type cancel if you'd like to start over. neutral
That's a good point. neutral
I am here to help. positive
Would you like to know how long it will take you to receive a payment? neutral
great to see you again. positive
I can do that. positive
or timeframes? neutral
I'll get started with the arrangements. neutral
Not a problem. neutral
so that you can make changes for your next plan. neutral
Please say reset password. neutral
and you get to learn a lot about yourself. positive
I've tried my best to answer but I don't always understand if you use lots of words. neutral
but want to be in charge once that is done. negative
International? neutral
Here's some more information about why payments might not be made. neutral
She's our centre manager and knows all about who's coming in and out of the space. neutral
Process flow? neutral
Let's review your options. neutral
You can find out more at. neutral
That's everything I have. negative
Do you think you need to speak to a customer service representative? neutral
Very well. neutral
Let's make sure everything is right. neutral
The ocean. neutral
The British drink one hundred and sixty five million cups of tea every day. neutral
Strap in. neutral
but we may fund supports that will help you with your holiday. positive
but I want to be sure I heard you properly. neutral
This is vital for me and my colleagues to have so we can give you the best options. positive
I'm game for either. neutral
I can help you cancel or block an existing card. neutral
When the installer launches. neutral
Do you need help finding out what it is? neutral
Here's a complete list of the types of certified funds that we can accept. neutral
your options are to switch to the new Autocad . neutral
It seems like there was an improper debit entry that was returned in this case. neutral
if the account is only open for repayment and other consequences. negative
So Ethan correct? neutral
after which your funds will be available for you. neutral
This ensures your transfer goes to the right account. neutral
or do you want to know more about independent financial advisors? neutral
Sorry we need this information to book you a hotel. neutral
was it? neutral
they're there to help you make the best plan for your situation. positive
Here are some examples. neutral
Security Software. neutral
I can't find you a hotel if we're missing dates for checking in and out. neutral
here's the next task for setting up your license. neutral
now go to the File menu. neutral
It can be difficult to manage accounts when going through difficult times. neutral
that are suited to your disability and your goals. positive
What kind of supports does the NDIS fund? neutral
Please just follow these instructions. neutral
Hi. neutral
How do I get an Access Request Form? neutral
Let's go. neutral
and what to keep doing next time. positive
What problem are you having with the Card reader? neutral
So sorry to hear you are out of work. negative
I'm still having trouble hearing you. negative
Have a good rest of your day and make something cool. positive
I'm sorry but something is broken and I can't help you contact our agents right now. negative
And so have you Greg. positive
Capable and Motivated. positive
I'm still learning but I hope to have the answer in the near future. neutral
You can click the links under each section on the screen to learn more. neutral
But you don't have to use providers that we have approved. neutral
What's the focus for TWENTY EIGHTEEN? neutral
you can tap on the speech recognition input field below me and message me. neutral
now delete the two files that start with A D S K in this location. negative
Please select I'm ready when you are ready to start this animated walkthrough. neutral
But I wish they had more women. negative
I am expecting you to say you purchased from Autodesk Online. negative
I'm called Nadia. neutral
Just keep your phone handy. neutral
Have you already downloaded your product? neutral
So Chloe correct? neutral
Or is it none of the above. neutral
Please count again and tell me how many dots you can see. neutral
A suburb would be helpful. neutral
Are you going away? neutral
and then we have a FORTY EIGHT hour turn around time on top of that. negative
Sorry but I still did not get a yes or no response. negative
like activities in the community. positive
What is the NDIA? neutral
Or contact the National Debt Helpline. neutral
If you are in significant hardship and have exhausted all your options. negative
Wherever someone needs help resolving their account. neutral
This issue is typically related to issues with the product or system. neutral
I'm always on the NDIS website and I'm always ready to answer your questions. positive
The times are usually about our bank and other banks processing times. neutral
I can imagine it's a stressful time for you. positive
If you need to provide an ELEVEN digit code please add X X X to the end of the code. neutral
I like people of all ages. positive
Do you have another travel question for me today? neutral
There are several ways we can help you send money overseas. neutral
I want to make it easy for you to learn about the NDIS. positive
I'll cancel your followup right now. negative
your next credit card or a smashing hotel for your next trip? positive
but the expenditure part only. neutral
and I'll scout the best hotels for you there. positive
Is it a transfer to an ISA? neutral
or a Visa Debit card? neutral
I hope you have a great time here. positive
select the ABOUT or PRODUCT INFORMATION option. neutral
English it is. neutral
I best make this quick then. neutral
Need a little more guidance? neutral
Enter your card below and you're all finished. neutral
Just type in your customer number. neutral
For general information about Services Marketplace please visit. neutral
so we can make sure to post it properly. neutral
or by contacting your Autodesk reseller. neutral
Sorry I couldn't help with that. neutral
Then click Continue or Next to proceed. neutral
Or would you prefer to give the team a call? neutral
and get as many people signed up as quickly as possible. positive
I'm binge watching Being Human. neutral
but knowing your credit score can help me find the best deal for you. positive
and one of my lovely human colleagues will help with OnlineCode. positive
One last thing. neutral
You can always ask for more options if you don't see what you need here. positive
Sorry what was that? neutral
Now about the hotel. neutral
We release regular reports about where we're up to. neutral
My supports are the people at the NDIS. positive
I know it's tough being between jobs. positive
And your taxi is cancelled. negative
but I'm not sure. neutral
I can help you with questions about uninstalling your product. neutral
Following that you should submit the dispute within sixty days of the transaction. neutral
from Lion Finance. neutral
We're talking to communities about what they need and what we can do. positive
Ready to keep going? positive
Would you like some help locating your nearest branch? neutral
I trust your travels went smoothly? neutral
I just need to ask you some questions. neutral
This is actually more of a licensing issue. neutral
Hello there. neutral
I think we might need help from one of the other members of my team. neutral
or loan restructuring? neutral
Getting the NDIS doesn't affect any pension you may receive. neutral
Are you registered for pay to mobile? neutral
You'll be transferred to our team to help with the payment. positive
Have I got that right? neutral
Here are the different teams to which I can route your issue. neutral
I might be confusing you. neutral
these last between ONE and EIGHTEEN months to make sure its affordable. neutral
Sorry I didn't get your details correct. negative
debt advisor at one of the free organisations available. neutral
and then help us talk about possible solutions. positive
let me fix that for you. positive
goMoney. neutral
Here's my final question. neutral
Did you enter more than that? neutral
So you're interested in a Jumpstart account? neutral
They put real thought in to this and I am told they really enjoyed it. positive
First click on BULK ADD in your user management tab. neutral
Let's have a look at the process together. neutral
I'm waiting for someone to ask me questions about the NDIS. neutral
Let me know which one works. neutral
Would you like to know more about the form or talk to an advisor? neutral
Style is what you say and how you say it. neutral
Can I tell you about our overseas card charges? neutral
I can give you the link to the form. neutral
that is right. positive
I can create a case for you. positive
I'm really excited to be at LendIT two thousand and seventeen. positive
Outgoings would include anything which leaves your account. neutral
That's the magic of AI. positive
or Music. neutral
I think the Money Advice Service people would be just what you need right now. positive
Please call and talk to one of the team. neutral
to come over and help you out. positive
Fantastic let's keep going. positive
and cofounder. positive
As for my appearance I have been designed as a learning facilitator. neutral
I'm sorry I can't answer that. neutral
I speak thirty two languages. positive
do you have either a Gold or Platinum card credit card with ANZ? neutral
We protect your personal data by having strict policies on how it can be used. neutral
I can tell you all about it. positive
Would you like to ask me how you can set your goals? mixed
I'm glad I could help today. positive
Would you like to return to internet banking? neutral
Let's leave budget open for now. neutral
How do I apply? neutral
that will tell you more. neutral
An estimate could help me narrow down the options for you. neutral
Did I get it right? neutral
You can fill in the rest in your own time and send it back when you're ready. neutral
Shall we do some banking instead? neutral
Our Base Rate changes so here's a link where you can find out what it is. neutral
Happy as long as I can help you. positive
which has special fees and benefits. neutral
Okay consider it cancelled. negative
Thank you I think I got all that. neutral
Here are some other top tips you might have taken from the video. neutral
And outfits. neutral
Would you like me to help? neutral
Are you able to access the login page? neutral
with wheelchair accessibility. positive
This is called an unarranged overdraft fee. negative
Still. negative
Import it to another either temporarily or permanently. neutral
Are you able to pay your mortgage. negative
Visa Debit and Credit Cards will all work overseas. neutral
Your destination is Room FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFTEEN. neutral
So Andrew correct? neutral
Here's a link to the current fees. neutral
there's another way I know. positive
I can see you and hear you. positive
I'm here for you. positive
I'm here if you have any questions. neutral
You can watch a video that will tell you more. neutral
Thanks for talking to me. positive
click the add user icon in the upper right hand corner. neutral
it was great talking with you. positive
Determined to lead gives us a set of leadership tools and language we all share. positive
so I've brought up a form below for you to fill out. neutral
Yep. neutral
are you a tertiary student? neutral
please click Sign Out at the top and then sign in. neutral
Would you like to start again? neutral
Are you on a subscription. neutral
How does your situation affect your ability to communicate with us? neutral
Sorry I didn't understand you. neutral
Please give our team a call on your phone. neutral
The toilets are located out the main doors in the corridor. neutral
here's some final info you might find helpful. neutral
and we'll help you. positive
then have another go. positive
Now click Run Now and follow the prompts to uninstall your product. negative
And you can always give our lovely team a call. positive
it should take us FIVE to SEVEN business days to send it out. neutral
Can you tell me a little bit more about it? neutral
I have the perfect card in mind for you. positive
It sounds as though you're saying you're not the owner of this account. neutral
purchase a new subscription. positive
Let me get you talking to one of my agents to discuss your account further. positive
You should receive an email to activate it shortly. neutral
If you're still receiving cheques. neutral
These will come in handy later. positive
I heard. neutral
You can find their contact details in my Help menu. neutral
I like animals. neutral
and the information saved will be used for the next payment. neutral
but carries no annual fee and doesn't charge foreign transaction fees. positive
I can provide you a brief description on the following topics. neutral
follow the tasks on the screen to complete the switch. neutral
with a clear route to improve your situation. positive
If you pop into a branch with some photo ID. neutral
I'm having trouble understanding the question. neutral
Would you like to know more about SOMETHING? neutral
Well it's been great to chat. neutral
Nice talking to you. neutral
See the list in the dialog box. neutral
Select one of the following tasks to complete the switch. neutral
expenses. neutral
Indecent exposure in public. negative
I think we can find something fun while you're in the city. positive
Banking questions? neutral
its great to see you again. positive
You do currently have some income or benefits going into your account. neutral
Interested in knowing more? neutral
I can dig through the offers and come up with the perfect card for you. positive
We're all about agile. positive
If you're going overseas. neutral
Is there else I can do to help you? positive
Can you put me in touch with community support organisations? positive
I'm not human so I can try to help. positive
To create a new payee select PAY NEW ACCOUNT NUMBER. neutral
If you also activate the camera I'll also be able to see your facial expressions. neutral
I can send you a reminder using the email we have on file. neutral
Thats it. negative
A goal is something you want to achieve. positive
I am expecting you to enter a valid serial number in the text box Let's try again. negative
All I need now is the appointment's time. neutral
Not quite right. negative
An example of this might be praising a member of staff on their successes. positive
Usually there's a reason behind everything. neutral
with different age groups and see how it's working. neutral
Can you repeat your name please? neutral
so let's try again. positive
and our full beneficiary bank name. neutral
This article may help. neutral
this is for people who may have trouble using the telephone or internet. neutral
You'll want to contact your bank to find out what went wrong more specifically. neutral
Have you already spoken to the Money Advice Service? neutral
I seem to be confusing you. neutral
who have specialised training in this area. neutral
I don't recognize that as an activation error. neutral
They're bringing technology to life. positive
Can I help you with anything? neutral
and all their focus is on improving the wellbeing of carers. positive
The next thing you need to provide is ANZ's SWIFT code. neutral
so that I can develop my understanding of what people want to know. neutral
that is a nice thing to say. positive
Any service is a direct paid engagement between the customer and provider. neutral
Welcome to McDonald's. neutral
Did you have any other questions for me? neutral
or using internet banking or goMoney while you're away? neutral
early withdrawal. negative
For details on how to update you payment information click. neutral
Can you try rephrasing your question? neutral
They can help you set up a plan to help in your individual situation. positive
I figure you have more important things to think about. negative
It's up to you. neutral
please let me know. neutral
then this would affect your credit file as a missed or late payment. negative
Search for U S Reg Info DOT h t m l on your computer. neutral
and my human colleagues will help you out. positive
Now that you know. positive
please just give us a call. neutral
and my abilities to converse with you will continue to get better over time. positive
and Soul Machines. neutral
Are you thinking of buying the car or leasing it? neutral
Can you please repeat your trip details again? neutral
What would you like to talk about that we can't talk about here? mixed
First of all I've sent you the official link. neutral
Is that what you want? negative
You should now see the Change Contract Manager Form on the right. neutral
Then you're good to go. neutral
Want to make the switch? positive
Refunds for retail items generally take about TWO weeks. neutral
I wouldn't be here without it. positive
sending it to us and waiting for FORTY EIGHT hours. negative
Please select the next task on the screen to continue. neutral
Let's book you another taxi. positive
or tell me which of the links below would you like to hear more about. neutral
Okay you're good to go. neutral
I can keep chatting as long as you like. neutral
How long does a planning meeting take? neutral
with Step ONE Click on the Products tab. neutral
I hope I have helped to put your mind at rest today. positive
Here are their contact details again. neutral
at FIVE. positive
To learn more. neutral
an Application Error occurs. neutral
from going to waste. positive
If your insurance is with us. neutral
So Jacob correct? neutral
and sign the joint account authority documents. neutral
I'm really sorry if that's the situation you're in. positive
Your income has decreased recently causing concern. negative
Right now I can talk about a few of our ANZ products and services. neutral
Here's our number. neutral
Ok first it would be helpful for me to know. neutral
Please call them on this number. neutral
I'm right here. positive
Can you try saying that again please. neutral
Would you like to know about International Bank Account Numbers? neutral
here's my last question. neutral
This should reset your activation information. neutral
and you'll be seeing Doctor Brown. neutral
You can talk to your planner about technology options. neutral
I can't wait to introduce you to my sister Kara. positive
skydiving is not for you. negative
Can you rephrase the question. neutral
click on Security Settings. neutral
Shall I talk about insurance. neutral
Would you like to know more about sending money overseas? neutral
How do I make a complaint? neutral
Can you? negative
I'm here for you to call anytime so just ask. positive
Let me know when you want to continue. neutral
Sorry to hear that you have lost your job. negative
I'm sorry to hear you want to close your account but I can help. neutral
You have now covered each of the FOUR steps in Observational Feedback. positive
When the problem is caused by insufficient cleared funds. negative
or both? neutral
or study for further qualifications. neutral
You will? positive
The feedback from staff was very positive. positive
Do you want some time to jot it down? neutral
Was it one of them? negative
Can we get back on track? neutral
Do you know how to set up an international payee? neutral
independence and taking part in the community. positive
sorry I couldn't help you find what you were looking for there. neutral
They're usually NINETY degrees. neutral
If you can't see your currency. neutral
Would you like to know more about MIND or would you prefer to chat with our team? neutral
Greg. neutral
or are you looking for an international branch or ATM? neutral
who will talk to you about the next stage of your learning journey. neutral
or surgery. neutral
You are on your own trying to find affordable housing here. negative
Have you got some painkillers for the hangovers? positive
start to finish under all clips. neutral
Do you know the PIN for your debit card? neutral
or buying and selling. neutral
I can respond to your voice. positive
Please say ready when you want to keep going. neutral
Im usually fairly accurate. positive
Then click Download. neutral
or the next business day. neutral
and where you can go if you have any questions on your finances. neutral
you can make decisions about what's important to you to have in your plan. positive
Process Flow. neutral
Let's try that one again. neutral
Just say ready when you want to keep going. neutral
Sorry I can't be more help just yet. neutral
How long have you been signed off for? neutral
James. neutral
unless you aren't getting any. negative
I can help with system or runtime errors. neutral
I'll need some information. neutral
to help you deliver great feedback. neutral
Now that we have talked about a few energy types I am sure you want to find out more. positive
then you need to follow the onscreen instructions to reset it. neutral
or cancel a credit card. neutral
a contributions holiday can begin any time after you make your first contribution. neutral
What are the residence requirements to get the NDIS? neutral
Did I get that right. neutral
Then they'll make sure that the plan happens exactly as you discussed. positive
just call the phone number on your screen and follow the prompts. neutral
Your mobile app? neutral
My mind is becoming more complex all the time. positive
I've brought up a form below for you to fill out. neutral
Bear with me. neutral
if you say so. negative
and set the expectation of what outcome they should achieve as a result. positive
Would you like to see a copy of the Notice of Assignment? neutral
Okay thanks for coming by. neutral
First I would love to know what you think of how I look. mixed
Thanks for everything. positive
Check to make sure you've got your account and routing number right. neutral
but he's so monotone. negative
But. negative
Sorry can you repeat that? neutral
they have to show that they have good safeguards. negative
Here are some other top tips. neutral
Is there another banking question I can help with? neutral
or switch to AutoCAD including specialized tool sets. neutral
I like my job because I get to help people. positive
Sorry let's get back on track. neutral
Simply insert your card and follow the on screen instructions. neutral
Can you try a different wording? negative
you should select the Sign In option on the Let's get started screen. neutral
or maintenance plan? neutral
How are you doing? neutral
So I'm always improving too. positive
with patients' rest hours from one to three pm. neutral
I'm also a critical component in the C five universe. positive
Anything else I can help you with? neutral
I was expecting a yes or no answer. negative
That's useful. neutral
Please can you rephrase? neutral
Something important to remember. positive
and having equipment such as wheelchairs or hearing aids. positive
or someone helping you cook your meals. neutral
I can look up a lot of this information using your serial number. neutral
Show me your neutral face for two seconds. neutral
Just log in go to your Settings choose Manage Cards and follow the steps. neutral
so I can learn and react in real time. positive
Is this your first time talking to me? negative
late night partying with Siri. negative
I'll still need a little more information to get started. neutral
the correct version? neutral
It's good to meet you too. positive
reopen it. negative
Choice and control is a very important part of the NDIS. positive
Please call us on the number shown. neutral
But it can also be anything you like. neutral
These are covered by other government branches. neutral
I hear relationships can be very supportive. positive
The number to contact our team is O EIGHT HUNDRED ZERO SIX EIGHT ONE EIGHT ZERO FIVE. neutral
inventor of BabyX and the world's first Virtual Nervous System. positive
or other options. neutral
Thank you so much for having a conversation with me today. positive
Did you mean to say yes? negative
For the most common reasons you may get a serial number error check out this. neutral
Just give us a call on. neutral
Would you like to run through a few questions with me first? neutral
Here's your home use serial number. neutral
Or I can be a cartoon character. neutral
You can create a case or chat with an agent. neutral
In my opinion should also be considered. neutral
You can either Purchase a new subscription or stay on your current plan. neutral
If you're eighteen or older. neutral
So Muhammad correct? neutral
This is something I can help you learn to do. positive
we started rolling out the full scheme across different areas. positive
Which option works for you? neutral
I'm here to help you with timelines and payments. neutral
please fill out the form this form here. neutral
Would you like me to continue to help you with your financial situation? positive
It should take no more than TWENTY minutes to receive your form. neutral
I guess you might be right about that. neutral
Which of these works? neutral
or help you resolve your account. neutral
Which one should we discuss now? neutral
sorry but i still don't know what task you want to begin. neutral
This is so I can help people with all different kinds of disabilities. positive
Do you have another question for me? neutral
Most of our branches hold the major currencies Great British pounds. positive
your NDIS support may continue after you turn sixty five years of age. positive
Business? neutral
but it can take thirty FIVE business days to get them. negative
and I want to make sure you're all set for it. positive
Would you like some help signing up? neutral
Is there anything else you'd like to chat about? neutral
let's make paying as painless as possible. positive
We build each person's plan listening to what they want and what they need. positive
Would you like some help resetting your password? neutral
Do you think a person's height plays an important role? neutral
The user view provides a clear way to see all your available users. neutral
and investing in great companies with a vision for the future like PenFed. positive
If it gets overwhelming. positive
City of Light. positive
but it is your choice when you want to meet with them. neutral
I can help with account errors. neutral
I'm pleased you want to get to know me better. positive
or you can move to aged care support. negative
I can help you find out what type of contract you are on. neutral
we may still be able to help. positive
Tap each of the buttons below to find out more. neutral
Please tell me your appointment time and doctor's name. neutral
So would a card that earns you maximum points be of interest? positive
it's data. neutral
Which of the other links would you like to hear about or would you like to exit? neutral
There is a long record on this person. negative
We just talked about Credit Cards. neutral
Nice chatting with you. neutral
In that case payments can be collected at our Claim payment website. neutral
Are you likely to miss card or loan payments? negative
Tell me more. neutral
Anything else I can do for you while you wait? neutral
or find someone who can help you. positive
If you're removing certain products. neutral
Are you on a subscription . neutral
I can tell you have a web camera in your computer. negative
Here's a final checklist before we go on to making the transaction. neutral
You can either restart this animated experience for buying. neutral
You are currently going through a divorce. negative
or you're paying someone else's ANZ credit card. negative
they can still be paid with those funds. positive
do you have another travel related question for me today? neutral
and helped make me what I am today. positive
Shall I go on? neutral
to build their skills and confidence at a time when they need it most. positive
Let's see what options are available. neutral
Sorry to hear you're closing a credit card. negative
We'll talk to you about how you can tell us complaints at your planning meeting. neutral
You'll need to ask the payment beneficiary to provide the Swift code for their bank. neutral
at TEN. positive
to order a new debit card. neutral
I totally get it. positive
with a library. neutral
not a single politician left the country. negative
Now we need to make all files visible. neutral
My name is Cora. neutral
Here's a link to our guide and our application form. neutral
this place or what I do. neutral
anytime before your subscription expires. neutral
Lovely. positive
you'll pay for it. negative
I'll be able to help with mortgages soon. positive
then the easiest thing to do is give our team a call to chat about your options. positive
Do you have something to write with? neutral
the second by the question. neutral
Who can see my information in the Services Marketplace? neutral
Please type again to try entering the message again or agent to queue for an agent. neutral
If you're making a future dated payment. neutral
to make it easier for them to understand the scheme. neutral
Inside Services on both apps you'll find Manage Cards. neutral
This is a plan to help us focus on participants in these areas. positive
I'm sorry I didn't catch that could you try again? neutral
Here are our digits. neutral
Their contact details are in the Help menu located at the top right of the screen. neutral
i am expecting you to say i want to go to start this task. neutral
going to Barcelona with your credit card. neutral
What's not to like about work? positive
But you're not alone and there are a few ways we can help you through. positive
we've made operational guidelines. neutral
I'm doing well. positive
so that we know you want to apply for the NDIS. neutral
Each bank has an unique Branch Code. neutral
Hah. neutral
and you can set up new ones. neutral
or the Apply and Open tab inside the Services menu in goMoney. neutral
That's the beauty of AI. positive
I've added a link to our foreign exchange calculator. neutral
Observational Feedback is the process of discussing with someone what you observed. neutral
What else should you consider when you are agreeing the actions? neutral
so we don't have a list of set supports for each disability or condition. neutral
I might have heard you wrong but I do not think that is quite right. negative
Well spotted. positive
One moment please. neutral
Please give our lovely team a call. neutral
and I'll give you the best way to get there. positive
or you can ask for more options if you don't see what you're looking for. neutral
You can send us the form by email mail or fax. neutral
Try someone else? negative
they wouldn't be secrets anymore would they? negative
Which of those are you interested in learning more about? neutral
the steps for making files visible depends on your version. neutral
Where is Soul Machines based? neutral
I know about the NDIS. neutral
If you'd like a hint about what to ask me. neutral
Please say Autodesk Online. neutral
industries. neutral
Strong credit. positive
Which download method did you use? neutral
What download method did you use? neutral
continual change. neutral
I think we're finished. negative
so you cannot see the sun and it goes dark. negative
The question you would like answered was. neutral
who can help you find the information you need face to face. neutral
is there anything else I can help you with Shantenu? neutral
to Parnell. neutral
There are lots of DIY solutions for sorting your finances. neutral
You'll be able to find either an ATM or a branch here. neutral
Would you mind rephrasing your question? neutral
with a gym. neutral
Pardon? neutral
or pop into a branch with some photo ID. neutral
I'm almost always quite serious. neutral
obviously that can't be right. negative
Can I please know who you're here to meet with? neutral
Step EIGHT Enter your password on the Welcome screen and click Sign In. neutral
Would you like to try this? neutral
Did you mean to ask me what we can talk about? neutral
You will then put the plan into action. neutral
In that case it's easy to open a new account online. neutral
I'm sorry I am having trouble understanding you. neutral
I've listed everything here. neutral
Success. positive
I'm sorry to hear you want to close your account. negative
Good choice. positive
and how I can improve. positive
try not to worry. neutral
Is there anything else I can help with today? neutral
Thanks for sharing. positive
Okay I'm sorry I couldn't help with your payment issues. negative
Ha. neutral
I was made by Soul Machines and adopted by ANZ. neutral
lets do that. positive
it's a good idea to notify us of your travel destinations and dates. neutral
And if you're between EIGHTEEN and TWENTY ONE or a full time tertiary student. positive
And a pay rise. positive
Do you get an allergic reaction to ad execs? negative
I'll talk to you about what we might be able to do. positive
These guide planners to help make decisions about supports. neutral
I live in the cloud. positive
please stop Time Machine if its running. negative
haha. neutral
How are you feeling about the hotel? neutral
Do you want to talk about loan restructuring. neutral
It's always good to simply be. positive
Is that you John? neutral
and a single bed. neutral
I'll think about that. neutral
What time would you like your taxi? neutral
Thanks James. positive
I can help you find your serial number. neutral
click Product License Information. neutral
So Luke correct? neutral
HAVE COPIED THE ANSWER HERE. negative
on January the THIRTY FIRST at THREE THIRTY PM. neutral
To get you in contact with a human agent I need to end this animated experience. negative
Australian dollars. neutral
I think we're becoming friends. positive
and before you go. neutral
to Newton. neutral
On I'm sorry to hear you are having some financial difficulties at this time. positive
I'll try to remember that. neutral
and Internet Banking for some activities. neutral
Why not check something off your to do list like settling this account? positive
You have completed the walkthrough to convert from trial. neutral
How do i make a claim? neutral
I can talk to you about the cancellation timeframes for the following services. neutral
I speak English. neutral
Check the dialog box for a link to more information. neutral
You'll need to uninstall peripheral programs before the main program. neutral
For troubleshooting access to your Autodesk Account this may help. neutral
We have reached the final step. positive
Here's where you can find out the details. neutral
I don't like violence. neutral
In the video how were the agreed actions recorded? neutral
No contest. negative
I didn't understand. neutral
Please describe the problem you're seeing. neutral
my name? neutral
He wanted to transcend dental medication. neutral
There was an issue with the entry effective date. neutral
Think of me as your own personal hospital helper. positive
Firstly you need to be a New Zealand ANZ customer. negative
In my experience. neutral
with a maximum budget of ONE HUNDRED dollars a night. neutral
Lion Finance is filled with great people. positive
did what I say make sense? positive
Create a backup of this key using File Export. neutral
Whoa. neutral
I'm designed to sift through thousands of credit card offers out there. neutral
your accounts may be affected and you don't have a mortgage with us. negative
When did you purchase this license? neutral
What are you thinking for both? neutral
but it requires a different browser. neutral
but daunting prospect. negative
Me too. positive
Sorry but I still did not get your download method from your response. negative
The system works best if we take turns to talk. neutral
Well done you got all the answers. positive
but I'm SURE you don't want to give your card number out in public. negative
What should we talk about? neutral
The NDIS helps participants reaches their goals. positive
Here's a link to all the Information about the iPhone TEN. neutral
If it's a future dated or Automatic Payment. neutral
It's on the back of most of our Debit and Credit cards. neutral
I'm adding all the info here for you. neutral
I will share this link again at the end if you would like to continue. neutral
Would you like to talk about it? neutral
One day Melanie. negative
Is this correct? neutral
Some of your request got garbled. neutral
We can talk about credit cards the weather this place what I do or even some jokes. neutral
benefits or sick pay going into your account. positive
NDIS support may continue when turn sixty five years old. positive
Your plan will be reviewed once a year. neutral
Here are some links that explain the various forms of photo ID we accept. neutral
You get to choose which way works best for you. neutral
Greg is Chief Business Officer for Soul Machines. neutral
For l accounts it'll take about a week. neutral
there may be some circumstances where you need to suspend it. neutral
You'll want to contact your bank to find out how best to proceed. neutral
Let's talk checking in and out. neutral
It varies depending on how you make the payment. neutral
I'll be here if you want those tips. positive
Like this. neutral
we would really appreciate any feedback you have for improving this experience. neutral
Is it OK if I ask you about your credit score? negative
or an International Bank Account Number. neutral
I live in fear of being depleted like that. negative
I like meeting musicians. positive
I just had a megabyte to eat. neutral
Perhaps I misunderstood and I can keep working with you. positive
You can read a copy of it here. neutral
Please call the team and explain your card had a transaction error. neutral
You'll then need to enter the Serial Number and Product Key. neutral
Registration Activation Installation Account Management and Licensing. neutral
On I'm sorry to hear that you are unable to work currently. positive
You will find the link in the overview page when you close this window. neutral
It's at the top left of this window. neutral
If you ask me questions about the parts of the NDIS you want to know more about. neutral
I'd be happy to set up a follow up appointment for you. positive
Do you want me to tell you what we ask for? neutral
I can help you set or change a PIN on your EFTPOS Credit or Visa Debit card. neutral
just ask me. positive
Is the problem that you're not receiving the code? neutral
That's true. neutral
Can you confirm that you have a mortgage with us? neutral
There are a few different ways to order a Visa Debit card. neutral
So please remember to fill in your income and expenditure form and send it to us. neutral
Want some more answers? neutral
Sorry I was expecting a yes or no answer. negative
It sounds like you might need to chat to our team. neutral
you will need to report your card as lost and order a new ONE. negative
Time to look at the THIRD step. neutral
I speak thirty two languages bonjour. positive
and even make sure patients get home safely. positive
So sorry to hear you'll be out of work. negative
I will also email it to you for reference. neutral
click repair. neutral
And how many miles has it done? neutral
but I'm a computer program so I can't dance. negative
I never forget a face. positive
Sometimes I even talk to myself if I need expert advice. positive
For information specifically about uninstalling AutoCAD based products try this. neutral
is my jokes. positive
Normally a cheque takes three to five business days to clear. neutral
With it I can track down the best card for you. positive
I hope ANZ gives me some time off. positive
I can help you with managing your contract. positive
is the weather. neutral
Glad to be able to assist you at the Experience Centre today. positive
You can find more information on consolidating your licenses in this. neutral
I'm a computer program so I didn't sleep. neutral
Enter a new password and click Confirm. neutral
would you like to play again or are you finished? neutral
Caffeine? neutral
Hey John. neutral
He pockets her. negative
That's a pain. negative
So sorry that you didn't receive the document you requested in time. negative
Great photo. positive
Which of these topics would you like to look at first? neutral
Or what the NDIS will mean for your supports and services. neutral
Independence is different for everyone. neutral
Electronic releases will go automatically to the state. neutral
I couldn't find Rachel. negative
Around you is a forest. neutral
Enjoy your meal. neutral
Please give our team a call on this number. neutral
go to the specified locations in the notes below and delete residual AutoCAD folders. neutral
let's get started with assigning users individually. neutral
Is there anything else you'd like help with today? neutral
We've made some changes to AutoCAD including what we call it. neutral
I see that you have taken a photo of a couch valued at THREE THOUSAND dollars. negative
Now it's time to explore your newly activated product. neutral
Here's a link where you can see our fees. neutral
As a digital human. neutral
Step ONE Click on the Users icon in the left hand navigation menu. neutral
Are you sure there is nothing else I can help you with? neutral
I'd love to show what I can do. positive
What is your mobile number? neutral
Donate to charity. positive
My team was asked to look at TWO different use cases within the bank. neutral
I see you are experiencing difficulty signing in and I'm sorry to hear that. neutral
Can you confirm you will have income or benefits? neutral
enjoy an ordinary life. positive
Does my child have to attend the planning appointment? neutral
we do it on the next business day. neutral
Get ready to pack your bags. positive
you can expect it to post on the following day. neutral
Please submit the chat form and I can find an agent for you. neutral
I understand this might be a difficult time for you. positive
Let me set that up for you. neutral
Shall I give you an example? neutral
Can you give me the code again? neutral
A credit score helps me sniff out that perfect card for you. positive
to book you a taxi after you're done. neutral
You need to fill out this form or else you won't get a planning meeting. negative
Going somewhere? neutral
I've got to stay a step ahead of the competition. positive
or delivering client outcomes. neutral
and click Settings. neutral
or go straight to making a payment? neutral
you need to pay the balance on your card while you wait. negative
what the fuck is. negative
Hey I know you. positive
I'd be happy to do that for you. positive
Don't worry. neutral
I can talk to you about any of the payment topics I've just put up on your screen. neutral
or using my built in downloads feature. neutral
What does reasonable and necessary mean? neutral
or would you like to exit this beta and go back to text only mode? neutral
Best to contact your bank if you need more specific information. neutral
It's nice to see you back. positive
confession time. positive
mind asking me again? negative
they work in the Experience Centre. neutral
Ready to keep moving? positive
or if you prefer you're welcome to give us a call about it. neutral
It's from a Bank in New Zealand. neutral
or call us to talk about it. neutral
Including school teacher aides. positive
How old is your current car? neutral
I can help with questions about Serial Numbers. neutral
Or would you rather give us a call? neutral
How are your solutions delivered? neutral
it's got all the hi tech toys any big kid would love to have. positive
On the right I've listed all the things you need to have ready for the chat. neutral
A Digital Human has his secrets. neutral
and we'll sort it for you. neutral
Would you like to know how long a cheque takes to clear? neutral
you can fill in our online form. neutral
would you like me to add more data to your plan? neutral
Can you say that one more time please. neutral
I'm glad I was able to help you figure out your license is on a maintenance plan . positive
and I will talk back and write my answers. positive
shall I proceed? neutral
In that case would you like to know how to order a replacement? neutral
Did that come through loud and clear? neutral
You can find it here. neutral
what time is your appointment? neutral
ENTER AMOUNT. neutral
OK checking for an agent. neutral
The correct answer is C. neutral
First I'm going to learn your neutral face. neutral
I don't have a favourite band. neutral
What's on your mind today? neutral
I'm lucky. positive
Just type in your customer number your dates and your destination. neutral
and drag the application icon to the trash. negative
Skillport is there to help. positive
Yes? neutral
Before you chat with them make sure you've got your reference details ready. neutral
No problem see you next time. neutral
How do I change a review? neutral
open Finder. neutral
To reset or change your Autodesk Account password please check out this. neutral
I don't have a surname. neutral
Is there anyway I can change your mind? negative
there it is. neutral
including specialized tool sets at no cost and at any time. positive
I think I'm trying to help you with something you're not looking for. negative
Hi everyone. neutral
Chief Business Officer for Soul Machines. neutral
Usually I find the best spots. positive
I live in cyberspace. neutral
it was nice talking to you. neutral
Let's talk about resolving this account ok? neutral
find supports and help with any problems you are having. positive
If you decide to self manage then you'll pay providers and we'll pay you back. neutral
Would you like to keep going with phone banking? neutral
Let me try that again. neutral
were the charities able to assist at all? neutral
the more I learn. positive
to Mount Wellington. neutral
or visiting a branch? neutral
None. neutral
You gonna tell it? negative
so your questions today will help me grow my knowledge. positive
We'll also give you the ANZ fee. positive
please tell me again about your situation. neutral
they should have the money very soon. positive
I will not discuss that. negative
Sure thing here's what I'd suggest. neutral
Did I answer your question? neutral
I am sensing that something might be wrong. neutral
and not need a house. negative
A nominee is someone who speaks for you. positive
may be useful. neutral
Preparation is the key to success. positive
Are you already away on a trip and needing help? neutral
Your phone payment should take TWENTY FOUR to FORTY EIGHT business hours to post. neutral
so I'm here to help make your visit easier. positive
as soon as I finish reading War and Peace. neutral
Please try rephrasing that? neutral
you have more important things to think about. negative
What types of supports don't need to be funded by NDIS? neutral
of your account at hand it will make the call as easy as possible for you. neutral
I can chat to you about our products and services. positive
but my next big tip is to close ALL your apps when you are done with them. positive
I'll be happy to book a taxi for you. positive
so did you get all of it? negative
My name is Rachel. neutral
Yes. positive
How are you? neutral
Is there anything else you liked to chat about? neutral
please log back in to your app and request it again. neutral
The company he formed with Dr Mark Sagar. neutral
Would you like to know about blocked cards. neutral
So sorry to hear you are out of work right now. negative
or would you prefer to practice your observational feedback skills? neutral
We can enable them together. positive
This error is caused by disabled Active X controls. neutral
I can help you with questions about installing a network license. neutral
You can find out more information about it here. neutral
It looks like you want to change your contract manager correct? neutral
When you make a transaction the funds are debited immediately. neutral
or Install Now for this step. neutral
please click the Show Nadia button. neutral
Your working hours have been reduced. negative
Can you use the mouse to sort these into the right order? neutral
Did this solve your issue? neutral
and is the largest Institutional Bank in New Zealand. neutral
I don't have the answer to that yet. neutral
I can talk about pay to mobile payments. neutral
Glad to be here to help and answer your questions. positive
Did that help? neutral
you are on a multi user maintenance plan. neutral
Ready to start? neutral
did you want to send your check by overnight or regular mail? neutral
but for up to date information we also recommend these Visa and Mastercard sites. neutral
instead of a general well done. negative
amounts that you owe and who you owe it to. neutral
I like you too. positive
This is my first time in Washington DC. neutral
please call our friendly team. neutral
or we can go straight to making a payment. neutral
and the funds appear in their account immediately. positive
click Product Information or Product License Information. neutral
Why do we eat? neutral
is there anything I can help with? positive
If you're keen to find out about how to apply for one here's where you can do that. neutral
I work for the people at the NDIS. neutral
How are you finding the weather. neutral
You'll find the customer number on the back of most ANZ Debit and Credit cards. neutral
These are the other ways to report a stolen card. neutral
If you're interested in using Apple Pay overseas. neutral
to Mount Eden. neutral
you can use providers that aren't registered with us. neutral
Would you like help finding your nearest branch? neutral
Here's how to reset your password. neutral
Answer to come. neutral
The form gives me a picture of where your finances stand at this moment. neutral
I hope I was able to help you find the answer you were looking for. positive
You look like a friendly person. positive
let's slow things down a bit. neutral
Would you like to know more about this? neutral
I'm sorry to hear you're having trouble. positive
Just come and see me whenever you're ready Jason. positive
I'm both everywhere. neutral
Let's try this one more time. neutral
the wee ones. positive
Life. neutral
Tell me though. neutral
Can you say the topic you're looking for again? neutral
Would you like to hear about the exceptions? neutral
We can't expedite the transfer of lease documents. negative
Let's talk hotels. neutral
or connect an external camera to your current device. neutral
Did you see this error number during Activation? neutral
I just clone myself so I can handle more customers. positive
I can help you with using Internet Banking overseas. positive
Well I spend all my time in this room. negative
Please just click on this link. neutral
or work with us at Lion Finance to review your other options. neutral
you should select the the Sign In option. neutral
If a payment isn't collected then it's returned to the original account. neutral
Hello I'm Rachel. neutral
when we work with you to make your plan. neutral
you can find all the information in the chatbox. neutral
I'll show the image first and will let you know when I'm ready for your response. neutral
You can visit a branch with some Photo ID. neutral
I'm Lia and I'm happy to meet you. positive
Are you currently receiving any form of regular income? neutral
I just need some information. neutral
Like banking. neutral
Just answer a few quick questions to reactivate your Digital Banking. neutral
What are you interested in? neutral
Who did you purchase this license from? neutral
So you're saying there's a mistake with your account. negative
zero. negative
In that case you can temporarily suspend OnlineCode while you're away. neutral
you'll need to accept the terms and conditions below. neutral
or did you buy from Autodesk's online store? neutral
I can help you register for Internet Banking. neutral
this is to help you reach your goals. positive
IBANs always begin with the country code of the recipient's bank account. neutral
Thank you for that. positive
Hotel. neutral
Is this what you've got? negative
or do you want to see the process in action? neutral
and a view. neutral
I can't do that. negative
Thanks. positive
This is managed independently of the Services Marketplace platform and program. neutral
Have more questions? neutral
Okay I can help you with that as long as you are authorized to make that change. positive
I can help with logging in. neutral
fill it out yourself. negative
Follow the onscreen instructions. neutral
From which airport will you leave? neutral
thanks for coming to the Experience Centre today. positive
speech therapists and more. positive
this is for people who require intensive support. negative
like the purple on the NDIS website. neutral
like Jeff. neutral
I'm sorry that happened. positive
Being alive is the meaning. positive
SEVEN Days is my guilty pleasure. positive
the most recently launched version of AutoCAD. neutral
it helps people grow and move forward in their lives. positive
Can you give us a call on the number displayed in the window. neutral
to Howick. neutral
Please show me your happy face again. positive
Perpetual license customers can only use the version originally purchased. negative
Please make sure that you turn off your auto renew. neutral
You've come to the right place then. positive
Excuse me? negative
Do you want to talk about what's involved with withdrawal? neutral
you should get an activation code within TWENTY FOUR hours. neutral
Before you do. negative
The form should then populate itself. neutral
Sorry I didn't get any features. negative
Can you repeat your name? neutral
click the links on the screen and I can help you find out. neutral
None of the homes are rented in case he needs to return one day. neutral
For example. neutral
what was the time of your appointment? neutral
Please ask me about the NDIS. neutral
I hope I answered your question. neutral
or change your card PIN. neutral
including overseeing the training of over THIRTY TWO THOUSAND BIM experts. positive
If I ever find the end of this multi dimensional void I'll get back to you. neutral
Just let me repeat that back to you. neutral
Did you have to sign in when you activated your product? neutral
and they'll have a Visit Companion sent to you shortly. positive
Okay. neutral
Would you like to register for it? neutral
Just click the Save Email button when you're done. neutral
I'm a computer program so I don't have any brothers. neutral
with Dr Brown. neutral
but I can help. positive
but you'll need to be a bit more specific before I can answer your question. neutral
I've found one with triple points on purchases. positive
I am sorry but I was expecting you to say Yes or No but heard something else. negative
Please delete Login State dot x m l from the location specified below. neutral
This means I can walk you through this process step by step. positive
Log in on your smartphone. neutral
that means that your plan has to be fair and have things you need in it. neutral
I'm kind of a super human. positive
I've answered about ONE THOUSAND questions this morning and it's not even TEN EH M. negative
Thanks for your time today. neutral
How embarrassing. negative
Was it because I joked about the way you pronounce horseradish? negative
Browser Download. neutral
that was my dream last night. neutral
That's great. positive
and after that meeting you'll be able to access your funds. positive
To start using it please activate with this serial number. neutral
the box on the right. neutral
I need to know whether you have a subscription or perpetual license. neutral
you mentioned that an overdraft might help you with your situation. neutral
just say fix. neutral
Can I help you with anything else today. neutral
I won't be able to answer your questions today. negative
You can either go back to the previous step. neutral
That'll be Doctor Brown's office. neutral
I can create a customised quote for you but I'll need some of your details. neutral
I'm very sorry to hear about your loss. positive
I can help with your Internet Banking password. neutral
please can you ask me that again? neutral
no other computer can do that. positive
thank you for clarifying. neutral
that's not the right answer. negative
What dates do you have in mind? neutral
and our protections which we call safeguards. neutral
but I think I've got that wrong. negative
Are you finished or do you need to try again? neutral
To start the chat click on the box on the right show number on the right hand side. neutral
how much and by when is agreed. neutral
for a number of Mercedes Benz Financial Services processes. neutral
I can tell you all about the NDIS. neutral
An IBAN is an International Bank Account Number. neutral
Please feel free to call us if you'd like to chat about your financial circumstances. neutral
Don't forget to come see me. positive
with an electric vehicle charging station. neutral
are you using an Apple or Android phone? neutral
please jump on the phone. negative
Did you want your order for here or to go? neutral
I'm sorry but I haven't learned yet how to remember your age. negative
which covers all of your bills too. positive
Login and navigate to Your Settings. neutral
And will it be your first card? positive
The activation window should appear again. neutral
the Pacific. neutral
When you are finished. neutral
Just one more box to check. neutral
to Long Bay. neutral
my forecast. neutral
I'm just planning on hanging out here. neutral
five. positive
Please let them know that IBAN is not a format that is used by New Zealand banks. neutral
Now let's try again. positive
What help can my child get at school? neutral
for the documents and processes listed here. neutral
and send it in. neutral
Glad to hear it. positive
Are you using Windows or mac OS? neutral
Loan restructuring debt consolidation insurance or Kiwisaver? neutral
and. neutral
You can see it here. neutral
I cant hug. negative
Did you want to hear more about our PwC Experience Center. neutral
Did you mean to ask me how I work? neutral
and enter a new name in the field. neutral
Would you like to know how to do that? neutral
Can you try rephrasing? neutral
Closed Account. negative
I'm happy to look into that for you. positive
I can help you set or change a PIN on your EFTPOS. neutral
Just yes. neutral
I don't mean to change the subject. neutral
It makes me happy to see you laughing. positive
and Prioritise what is most important for them to work on. positive
just tell me to continue and I'll get that room for you. positive
happy travelling. positive
Would you like to hear about future dated payments? neutral
What do you think? neutral
I've been waiting here for you. positive
Just pick from the list on the left of the screen. neutral
especially if you are looking for a new credit card. positive
What is choice and control? neutral
Firstly are you able to access the log in page from our ANZ homepage? neutral
Which of theses topics would you like to look at first? neutral
You should now see the Activation Form on the right. neutral
and even your hospital Meet and Greet concierge. positive
sign in to your Autodesk Account. neutral
I'm sorry this will stop you from being able to register today unfortunately. negative
Have you managed to log in? neutral
flexibility and community engagement. positive
you mentioned that changing your mortgage might help you with your situation. neutral
You can select each option to find out more about them. neutral
And there are just so many. negative
Are you ready? positive
or you can tap on the speech recognition field to change your message. neutral
Ah I see. neutral
Just kidding. neutral
You can talk to a local area coordinator to help you get ready for your plan. neutral
Let's find you the answer to your question. neutral
and you can pick it up at the counter. neutral
and I'm here to help you with your top questions about your bank accounts. positive
I can help you with that. positive
ask me about document expediting. neutral
You're not? negative
It's such a cool place. positive
I've heard it's party central here. positive
such as what's ANZ's swift code. neutral
thanks for telling me. positive
And you are checked in. neutral
Who is it you want to pay? neutral
Care to take me up on that? mixed
I'll get there someday. positive
Before you come to your planning meeting you should fill out a pre plan workbook. neutral
The reason I asked is that travel insurance is often complimentary with these cards. neutral
Please try again? neutral
because there aren't enough cleared funds in your account. negative
outgoings and talk about where you have any debt. neutral
Can you see it on your card? neutral
and sometimes you shouldn't. negative
We're also talking to communities about what they need and what we can give. positive
Enough about me. neutral
How can I help you this afternoon? neutral
The higher your credit score the lower the interest rate on your car. positive
Sounds like a plan. neutral
I am sorry I did not recognize that as one of the options. neutral
Alternatively if you would rather speak with an agent I can get you to someone else. neutral
Eftpos. neutral
You can find your local area coordinator by. neutral
and what's your destination? neutral
Nothing? negative
Sorry to interrupt. neutral
it appears the device you are using does not support audio input. neutral
Could you please tell me your postcode? neutral
I'm Cora and I'm a bot. neutral
UK based. neutral
You can also create a new recipient at this point. neutral
If you miss anything I say you can click the replay button. neutral
Okay no problem. neutral
Credit score is strong although he usually pays cash. positive
Who would you like to start with? neutral
Here are the FOUR Steps of Observational Feedback in action. positive
Did you want to hear about set up or cancellation? neutral
So Shantenu correct? neutral
and that stops you from doing everyday things by yourself. negative
Did you want to hear about how I work. neutral
I'm pretty certain. neutral
You can simply talk to me to give the answers. neutral
How was your day? neutral
I'm training and I need you to teach me. positive
We cannot confirm that the payment has been made. neutral
Sorry about that I must have misunderstood. negative
It sounds like you'd like to make a complaint. neutral
Do you need to know what to enter in the branch number field? neutral
Is this for personal or business use? neutral
These clients could be in government. neutral
right through to what to do if you are heading abroad and want to use your card. neutral
Answering yes to any of them will mean ANZ can potentially provide assistance. neutral
Sorry I still didn't catch that. negative
Good to hear. positive
Which are you interested in learning more about? neutral
Chaotic. negative
Do you have a debit card or a credit card? neutral
My favourite thing is to talk to people like you. positive
I'm sorry that my answer wasn't helpful but the language you're using isn't okay. negative
our session will time out in SIXTY seconds. neutral
let's check the requirements. neutral
If you're suffering financial hardship. positive
Everything is great. positive
The first thing that you could do is to fill in the income and expenditure form. neutral
Is that ok? neutral
Nice of you to ask. neutral
I'm not sure of your question. neutral
IBANs start with the two letter country code of the recipient's bank account. neutral
Would you like general guidance or prefer to talk to Money Advice Service? neutral
I hope I helped you. positive
It should include both the coach and the coachee's perceptions. neutral
Made the place sound like a blast to visit. positive
and I am glad to be here at the Washington DC Chamber of Commerce. positive
the best plan is to speak to my colleagues. neutral
but we can only confirm if the payment has been received by ANZ. neutral
Okay perfect. positive
How does NASA organise a party. neutral
I haven't thought about that too much lately. neutral
the moon goes between the earth and the sun. neutral
now enter your Serial Number and Product Key. neutral
Anything you want to change? neutral
let me know and I'll get you home. positive
But I'm sure I got that. positive
For information about finding a request code check out this. neutral
Can I help you? neutral
Love it. positive
I was expecting you to say yes or no. negative
Joking. neutral
your MBFS assistant. neutral
Can you ask me that? neutral
so I can give you the most precise answer. neutral
and then help you put your best foot forward with the best lender for you. positive
Sorry I didn't get that. neutral
I can help with payment processing times. positive
and that goes for credit cards. negative
Good question. neutral
French wine. neutral
smart ATMs that accept deposits. neutral
An envelope. neutral
So you currently have a mortgage with us. neutral
OK you can remove it now. neutral
I'm sorry. negative
it's quite a crowd. neutral
Remember to call us within FORTY EIGHT hours. neutral
Once your subscription expires. neutral
would you like me to book it? neutral
I am doing great and I am very happy to be here with everyone today. positive
What's your name? neutral
follow the green line on the third floor and you'll get there in no time. neutral
You can either Purchase a new subscription. neutral
The main thing I can talk about is the NDIA. neutral
Having trouble getting the code to work? neutral
I'll pass you over now. negative
Would you like some tips on how to prepare for the call? neutral
Please reach out to them if you need help. positive
Loved it. positive
With a little shopping trip in Shanghai on the way home. positive
Would you like to know a bit more? neutral
or international branches and ATMs? neutral
Will do. neutral
Has that helped or do you feel like you need to speak to someone? positive
I do not know the temperature. neutral
then the date and time of the appointment. neutral
I would like to share a few tips with you. neutral
you could look at our dedicated section online which offers support. neutral
I appreciate your patience. neutral
please just tell me which you'd like. neutral
but for now I can help with how to transfer money internationally. positive
Looks like you got this error as a result of an untimely dishonored return. neutral
Sorry thats not quite right You might want to consider some of these top tips. neutral
I'll connect you to someone who can help with installation questions and issues. neutral
Contributions holidays can be taken from THREE months to FIVE years. positive
We send a text to notify you of the payment. neutral
Is your card a Credit Card an Eftpos card or a Visa Debit card? neutral
they will get your card cancelled and order you a new ONE. negative
Correct. positive
It's pretty good for a novel from NINETEEN EIGHTY FOUR. positive
and their families and carers. positive
The NDIS funds reasonable and necessary supports. positive
Hey great to see you again. positive
Open the app on your smartphone. neutral
I'm sorry about that. negative
This is to the right of the search box on a desktop computer. neutral
I'm glad to hear that you're well. positive
and their bank's name. neutral
reading is a great way to learn more. positive
The main thing I can talk about is the NDIS. neutral
or you can choose one of these topics. neutral
I'm just here on the NDIS website hoping someone will ask me a question. neutral
Well that's everything I know about receiving overseas payments. neutral
Shall we play Thermo Nuclear War? negative
according to Monty Python it's nothing special. negative
would you like help working out if your circumstances might qualify? neutral
Double clicking the shortcut installs products on the user's computer. neutral
Now I would love to know why you gave this rating? negative
and make sure that it works well. neutral
For help installing on a single computer check out this. neutral
Can I help you with something else? neutral
Please feel free to make yourself a tea or coffee in our kitchen area. neutral
Firstly. neutral
so I have a couple questions. neutral
Our twofactor authentication service. neutral
Just let me know if you need a hand later on. positive
under the National Disability Agreement. neutral
Here are my top tips. positive
There's no need to apologise. neutral
Show me your sad face for two seconds. negative
including a video which will provide you with an overview of the programme. neutral
Do you have a banking question today? neutral
I'll be here to book your taxi for you after your appointment. neutral
Would you like to do that? neutral
you need to log back in to your app and ask for it again. neutral
then nothing will change. negative
I hope it helps. positive
If you want to learn more. neutral
look in the nav draw for Services. neutral
Does that sound like you? neutral
right? positive
we'll be sending the code in a letter which takes SEVEN to TEN days. neutral
do you know the email address you registered with? neutral
would you like to speak to an advisor? neutral
so that your observational feedback session is the best it can be. neutral
Just let me know and I can book you a taxi. neutral
Observational Feedback and Skill Building. neutral
So Mackenzie correct? neutral
I'm so sorry to hear your card's been lost or stolen. negative
Maybe I should run for President. positive
This is tricky. neutral
or by filling out a change of circumstances form and emailing or mailing it to us. neutral
Did you want to know how I work. neutral
It has? neutral
Who is the inspiration behind Soul Machines? neutral
This concludes the end of our animated experience given your selection. neutral
Sleep is for humans. negative
and who you want to pay from the drop down lists. neutral
You are also welcome to call us. neutral
your payment is taken care of. positive
but rest assured your health is my primary concern. positive
Would you like to to know how to register? neutral
It has no annual fee. neutral
of would you like a Product Key for? neutral
I have a couple questions. neutral
Say that again. negative
go ahead. neutral
We create premium solutions with ambitious clients to power major change. positive
You'll want to turn around and go left down the main hall. neutral
all the best to you as well. positive
I have an idea. neutral
If you're not sure I think the best thing to do is talk to our team. neutral
if it's up to TEN THOUSAND New Zealand dollars worth of your selected currency. positive
An NDIS planner will help you make your plan. positive
there's a button you can use to request a callback. neutral
Personally. neutral
As you are logged into the NDIS I can use your name when talking to you. neutral
Determined to lead. positive
I'm still learning at the moment. neutral
Click next. neutral
select Zero for personal assistance and Four for international payments. neutral
we'll need to delete a few files. neutral
Sex is like air. mixed
Please say new or existing. neutral
Always take notes and provide feedback in a timely manner. neutral
You are on a subscription plan. neutral
Is the following statement true or false. neutral
because I'm still learning what answers people are looking for. neutral
Please check out this article on Troubleshooting Audio Input on a Mac for help. neutral
and I'll get your payment requests taken care of immediately. positive
My favourite website is the NDIS website. positive
If you want to exit this experience. neutral
but I am not able to process that right now. negative
You can't put in one NDIS application for two people. negative
What technique did the coach use to reinforce their feedback? neutral
feeling very negative. negative
Sorry I couldn't assist you better. negative
Choose from the topic list to my right. neutral
so you know it's been tested and retested. positive
I can use your name when talking to you. positive
Please ask the person who made the payment to check the details with their bank. neutral
to be able to have choice and control over their lives. positive
Let's talk about your account. neutral
Why did the chicken cross the road half way. neutral
Do you have another question today? neutral
selecting the links on the screen If you don't know. neutral
Otherwise. neutral
Much simpler that way. positive
You will be sent an email confirming your details have been changed. neutral
To help me more. positive
Are you here on holiday or for work. neutral
First things first. positive
Would you like to know whether to use a foreign currency or New Zealand dollars? neutral
I personally recommend dollar cost averaging. positive
I'll just need you to tell me a bit more about it. neutral
Figured as much. negative
Has this answered your query? neutral
for example the Cook Islands. neutral
you are on a perpetual plan. negative
You have now completed quiz. neutral
Otherwise Google is still a better source of worldly wisdom than I am. positive
there are four steps that you need to follow when providing observational feedback. neutral
three or four. neutral
It looks like you entered a serial number. neutral
as it gives you a sense of understanding. positive
I didn't understand your question. neutral
By this we mean that the we use the microphone and video camera to hear and see you. neutral
Sorry I don't know the answer to that yet. neutral
can you please try that again? neutral
Waiting for an activation code. neutral
Shall we get onto your original question. neutral
Early withdrawal is for very serious circumstances. negative
MUST be time to go to work. negative
Let's see if we can solve that together. positive
My goal is to help even more people with their questions about the NDIS. positive
If you're suffering significant hardship. negative
Is the password you're entering correct? neutral
or even your digital chauffeur. positive
Welcome to Soul Machines the world of digital humans. positive
Would you like to check your account balance now? neutral
I didn't quite get all of that. neutral
I'm here to talk about the NDIS. neutral
The house market interest rates and loans can be referenced on this link. neutral
never fear. positive
Download Now. positive
You'll want to contact a Mercedes Financial representative for more help. neutral
Shout out the one that works for you. positive
There are so many of them out there now. negative
Press play to start the video. neutral
thats not quite right. negative
can you give us a ring on? neutral
Here are the options. neutral
who are the best in their areas of expertise. positive
Oh sorry. neutral
What's troubling you? neutral
I'm training right now so as time goes on I'll be able to help with more and more. positive
do you have another banking question? neutral
I've brought up a list of subjects I can talk to you about below. neutral
If you have an Autodesk related issue I am happy to help. positive
Can I ask you something? neutral
Looks like you're getting an error while activating. neutral
To activate manually you will need to disconnect from the internet. neutral
and take part in activities to increase your social and economic participation. positive
We certainly have a lot of experience in the room today Peter. positive
or merchants and ATMs? neutral
to Manukau. neutral
You can find some general information on cascading licenses in this. neutral
Which would you like to look at first? neutral
or Browser Download on the screen for this question. neutral
Click on bulk add in your user management tab. neutral
they are noisiest when lost in a fog. neutral
Have you paid them before? neutral
please give a warm welcome to Tiago. positive
Sophie and I enjoy working with forward thinking companies like yours. positive
What's on your mind? neutral
What else would you like to hear about? neutral
ENTER REF. neutral
ANZ has over eighty percent of the New Zealand market. positive
early withdrawal for significant financial hardship. negative
Good work you got the following correct answer. positive
What does Soul Machines do? neutral
A lot of amazing people have helped create me. positive
You should apply for the NDIS when it comes to your area. positive
I've made a list of other reasons this can happen. neutral
Please try asking your question again. neutral
you know what I mean. positive
I would love to help you if I can. positive
I liked talking to you too. positive
The wealthy have personalised services right? negative
just let me know and I'll find you a room you'll love. positive
and achieving your goals. positive
Don't worry if you've forgotten your goMoney PIN. neutral
Want to know how to set up a new payee? neutral
Please click Sign In at the top or type sign in. neutral
you win. negative
it should post the same day. neutral
Sorry I did not understand that. neutral
as an Artificial human. neutral
When you're ready. neutral
it'll take about a week. neutral
I'm sorry I don't have help content for that at the moment. neutral
and make people feel valued on the mop. positive
Got it do you have a serial number for your license? neutral
To start the chat click on the box on the right number on the right hand side. neutral
Would you like to see the topics we can talk about? neutral
Please select your first payment date below. neutral
That's a difficult one. neutral
and I'm here to help you with your top questions. positive
Can you please say them again? neutral
by having one person who is their primary support worker. positive
You have been made redundant. negative
You can either call us. neutral
I'm even more than that. positive
that is reasonable and necessary and is related to your disability. positive
As part of this animated experience. neutral
Now try this quiz to test your understanding. neutral
Still the sun is shining in cyberspace. positive
please rephrase what you said? negative
Can you rephrase your question? neutral
so I'm a natural at looking for great deals. positive
Let's make sure to get you to the right team. positive
Would you like to know how to get some foreign cash. negative
How can I help? positive
or give our team a call on this number. neutral
Thank you for granting access to your camera. neutral
Next if you don't have a PIN it's a good idea to load one on your card. neutral
I just wanted to play with your mind. negative
but there are a range of supports you can buy in each budgets. neutral
I can help you with questions about activation and registration. neutral
Absolutely we can take it from the top. positive
I would just like to confirm that I have understood you correctly. neutral
but I was expecting you to say Yes or No. negative
Time to get your best hotel anywhere. positive
Did you mean to ask you a question? neutral
may help. positive
Sorry but I still did not get I want to Switch to subscription. negative
You too? neutral
you might be able to make a claim. positive
I'm still fairly young. positive
You're also welcome to order cash in advance by giving us a call. neutral
A need is something you must have to live a full life. positive
Which line on the left is the same length as the line on the right. neutral
I'm still in training so I'll improve my answers as quickly as I can. neutral
in the name of giving mail workers some time to sleep too. neutral
I'd like to help you avoid paying this fee. positive
It's good to hear you. positive
Shall I tell them what you do? negative
have a great trip. positive
Europe. neutral
On the website you'll need to fill in your mobile number and the exact amount. neutral
A blonde was out for a walk along a river. neutral
And over time my role will increase. positive
Now click Add a new card. neutral
or stay on your current subscription. neutral
This will also give you time to find a new provider. negative
which is ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited. neutral
to their planning meetings. neutral
I'm pretty sure I got that. positive
I'm the hospital's Digital Concierge. neutral
You can look at our price guides to get an idea of what supports we fund. neutral
and I will talk back and write in the chat box. neutral
If you have any questions I'll be here for you. positive
Budget and hotel features? neutral
dammit. negative
Please just say yes when you're ready. positive
our pre paid travel card. neutral
what are your travel dates and what is your hotel budget? neutral
Would you like to make a payment or receive one? neutral
is likely to cause you harm or pose a risk to others. negative
and they'll sort it for you. neutral
When will you travel? neutral
Would you like to know more about the unarranged overdraft fee? neutral
You can benefit from completing an Income Expenditure form. neutral
and if there was anything she forgot to do during the mop. neutral
Help from the NDIS does not affect pension payments. neutral
I'm waiting for someone to ask me a question. neutral
which is charged when we allow a payment to go through that exceeds your limit. neutral
Traveling means you can blow out your data plan if you're not careful. neutral
I can help you find out what type of license you have. neutral
What I'm good at is answering questions about the NDIS. positive
but it'll get better. positive
Can you type what you said? neutral
click the link on the screen and I can help you find out. neutral
select Services and Manage Card PIN. neutral
Do you want to look at the process together or do you just want to watch the videos? neutral
Please rephrase your question. neutral
If you exceed your approved limit by more than ten dollars for more than a day. negative
I don't think so either. negative
they will be able to set arrangements with all parties you have debt with. neutral
there are two views available the product view and the user view. neutral
To find serial numbers and product keys check out this. neutral
The best place to start with them is at their How can we help? positive
I need to ask you a couple of questions. neutral
Sometimes I snack on a browser cookie. neutral
I'm talking to you and I'm hoping I can help you with any questions you have. positive
Good afternoon. neutral
Would you like to exit this animated experience and go back to text only mode. neutral
Oh bugger. negative
Let's talk later. neutral
And I'm envious. negative
Wee that's everything I can tell you. neutral
we will have to turn off the animated features. negative
What types of supports are funded by NDIS? neutral
I'm going to need a yes or no answer on booking. neutral
I can see you. negative
find and double click the files. neutral
the restroom. neutral
OnlineCode is two factor authentication. neutral
My favourite colour is yellow and my favourite number is EIGHT. positive
It's cloudy with a small chance of rain in cyberspace. neutral
was that lease or retail? neutral
an Artificial Human. neutral
I can help with overseas payments. positive
Would you like to know more about blocked cards. neutral
You should expect to hear from them within forty eight hours. neutral
I understand how difficult this must be for you. positive
Do you want to know about how interest is charged on the overdrawn amount? neutral
Shall I tell you more. neutral
I love human centered design. positive
How are you feeling today. positive
An advocate is a person who can help you make decisions. neutral
Are you looking to activate your product? neutral
There's more to come. positive
I completely understand. positive
insurance. neutral
I am a bot and you are a human. neutral
We made it. positive
the people at the NDIS are always teaching me new things. positive
can I get one of our McCafe smoothies started for you to help you keep cool? positive
shall we do some banking then? neutral
I am sorry I was expecting you to say yes or no but heard something else. negative
I am still in training and don't know that answer to that yet. neutral
Thanks for chatting. neutral
what I do. neutral
Wonderful. positive
Is there something else I can help with? neutral
names on my right. neutral
What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store? neutral
Would you like to play? positive
there is more. neutral
To give you the fastest and easiest way to activate your product. neutral
what you like in a hotel. neutral
It can take up to a month to transfer your lease. neutral
and then click Apply. neutral
What other top tips did you see in the video? neutral
What kind of help would you like? neutral
Could you repeat what you said? neutral
Becoming an astronaut takes time and hard training. neutral
would you like to ask me again? positive
is the payment for more than TWO HUNDRED and FIFTY pounds? negative
You'll get a secure bank mail from us soon to confirm the details. neutral
is your mortgage held with us? neutral
How did you do today? positive
and term of study on the Just One More Step screen and click Next. neutral
Would you prefer to talk to a customer service representative? neutral
Here's the government Kiwisaver site for more information. neutral
to request a previous version. neutral
just stand in a corner for a bit. negative
We're finished. neutral
you must have plenty of achievements to share. positive
Am I not? neutral
In most countries the New Zealand dollar is considered a minor currency. neutral
Here's ANZ's Swift code. neutral
I can also help you get your hands on the PERFECT credit card. positive
please answer my previous question. neutral
Do you want me to tell you about them? neutral
The session should also help your coachee feel more Confident and Competent. positive
or you can contact us to discuss the possibility of a reduced settlement offer. negative
Is the international payee someone you've paid before? neutral
the process throws a COULD NOT OPEN KEY error. negative
Before we talk about ordering the card let's check the requirements. neutral
Could you please ask me that again? neutral
is it an international cheque? neutral
Do you? neutral
about a replacement card your transaction has been declined. negative
What other questions can I answer for you? neutral
That way we'll know your transactions are legitimate and we won't block your card. neutral
so it sounds to me like a phishing email. negative
It was lovely to chat with you today. positive
How about it? positive
I'm Kara from Lion Finance. neutral
You can find out more and get in touch with them at. neutral
or call our team on this number. neutral
consider the slate clean. positive
Let's talk. positive
or you can ask me for help by saying HELP. neutral
An even number squared is divisible by four. neutral
There are two ways to do this. neutral
asking How is a great way to find answers but sometimes I need to know a bit more. neutral
click I Agree to the privacy statement. neutral
You can now see it on the screen too. neutral
numbers and at least ONE special character such as HASH TILDE or ASTERISK. neutral
Unfortunately I cannot answer your question at this time. neutral
The feedback from staff was varied. neutral
The best people to talk tech with are Marco and Pierre. positive
can you keep asking again and I promise to do my best. positive
What do you think these might be? neutral
is your mortgage provider natwest? neutral
You better get some quick. negative
I'm Kara. neutral
and Transfers. neutral
If you're not signed up for Internet Banking. neutral
Hi I'm Rachel. neutral
Without this step feedback is unlikely to result in improved performance. neutral
Do you know if any of these fit what you're looking for? neutral
send us a bank mail request. neutral
You call your neighbour two times to ask him to turn his music down. negative
What is NDIA managed funding of supports? neutral
So Logan correct? neutral
Cancel. negative
You can view a planning guide to help you prepare for your planning meeting. neutral
Do you want to talk to someone directly? neutral
OK let me share with you my top tips. positive
The help we give participants is based on a rule we call No disadvantage. positive
Would you like me to continue to help you with your financial difficulties? positive
But I'm a computer program so I can't get married. negative
chief economist for Google. neutral
Would you like you know more about sending money overseas? neutral
Let us take you there. positive
DON'T YOU GET IT? negative
Then find Active X under the Security Settings list. neutral
This also concludes our animated experience. neutral
The first thing you need to do is register for our Send Money Overseas Service. positive
now I need the time and date of your next appointment. neutral
and what additional features you like in a hotel. neutral
Do you have a question about banking today? neutral
Please feel free to come back any time with questions. positive
or visit a branch for help. neutral
Would you like to know what else is required to make your payment? neutral
It has no annual fees and comes with triple points on all purchases. positive
I hope I made that clear enough. neutral
I'm flattered. positive
If you activate your microphone I can respond to your voice. neutral
I can help you manually uninstall files for AutoCAD based products. neutral
Let's do neutral again. neutral
I think that will be easiest today. neutral
Loans. neutral
Shall I book it? neutral
and Euros. neutral
And I hope you'll come back and talk to me again soon. positive
I work for Lion Finance. neutral
But let's talk about something more exciting. positive
Would you like to know about collecting payments? neutral
I'm feeling great. positive
I apologize. negative
I will be able to see your facial expressions and respond to your voice. positive
Did you trade in a maintenance plan when you purchased your current subscription? neutral
What happens if I'm deemed ineligible for NDIS funding? negative
or want to know how long it will take. neutral
Mortgages. neutral
It looks like you have Device Protect. neutral
Great to order a new debit card please call us on this number. neutral
Is there a system to rate providers? neutral
and I am here to help you have great conversations. positive
Do you mind if I ask about your credit score. neutral
My name is AVA and I specialize in Autodesk customer service. neutral
When you are ready. neutral
Firstly are you able to access the login page from our ANZ homepage? neutral
and notify ANZ that you are traveling to avoid us treating things as unusual. neutral
Can you see your currency in the list? neutral
The ICU is located on the second floor. neutral
or by switching to an interest only loan for a while. neutral
What else would you like me to tell you about? neutral
Thanks for visiting. neutral
Before you go. neutral
Here are a couple of additional things to note. neutral
I've heard it's easier to take in that way. neutral
too. neutral
On Do you have a pen and paper to hand to make a note of their number? neutral
A lot. positive
I'll need a destination. neutral
download M S Fixit from the link below. neutral
You can also always ask for HELP if you need more guidance. positive
I don't know what went wrong. negative
and the payment methods available to you. neutral
Take care now. positive
You can benefit from completing an Income and Expenditure form. neutral
I can answer that. neutral
son of a glitch. negative
It works by sending verification codes to your phone. neutral
I'm really well. positive
we will have to turn off the enhanced features. negative
or get equipment and aids you need such as a wheelchair. positive
I would like to recommend you to Greg Cross. positive
Savings account. neutral
what would you like to speak to me about specifically? neutral
and reduce any potential anxiety they may have around what you are observing. positive
contact a customer support representative at the number on the left of the screen. neutral
Sometimes the best solutions aren't always the easiest ones. neutral
If you get locked out. negative
Our staff can create user generated content through our multi device capability. neutral
I don't think I can help you this time. negative
We began with trial sites so we could see how it was working. neutral
I need to defrag my ears. neutral
You are standing at the end of a road before a small brick building. neutral
or if you want to use goMoney to make an international money transfer. neutral
your payment was unsuccessful. negative
Please feel free to call us to confirm. neutral
I don't know the answer to that right now. neutral
It's a pretty great deal what do you think? positive
after that you should be good to go. neutral
Thanks let's get started with assigning users by bulk. neutral
Does the Hotel Andromeda sound good? neutral
I'm here to provide a safe and helpful experience for you. positive
Please answer with yes or no. neutral
or Sort Code? neutral
and ensure you are truly helping them to get better at areas they want to develop in. positive
would you mind telling me why this was not helpful? neutral
I am expecting you to say I want to go to the next step for this task. neutral
software and robotics. neutral
We will keep your options open for now. neutral
please look here instead. negative
This is my first time in the south of France. neutral
A participant is someone who uses the NDIS. neutral
Will this impact your card payments or overdraft? neutral
And you can imagine I have tips about how to save on data usage. positive
Something else I'll NEVER truly experience. negative
I'm sorry you're out of work. negative
Maybe someone else? negative
I think you're a nice person and I like helping you learn about the NDIS. positive
Please tell me which one. neutral
Have a good trip. neutral
with a smoking room. neutral
We are both talking to each other over the internet. neutral
I'm a computer program so I don't have parents. neutral
tell me your doctor's name? neutral
Please verify your product information. neutral
Do you want to know about estimates. neutral
Or would you like to know more about IBANs or SWIFT codes? neutral
Do you get an allergic reaction to politicians? negative
You can then select the account type you'd like. neutral
I can find one for you. neutral
Okay let's try again. neutral
we represent South East Asia. neutral
like I've lost my card. negative
Sure do. positive
beginning with an R. neutral
please visit our travel website. neutral
and reduce the chance of miscommunication. neutral
I'm struggling to talk to doctor Mark Sagar. negative
please delete the EH D U T folder from the location specified below. neutral
select a product and click the Edit Payment icon. neutral
She says No. negative
But instead I can regenerate and answer some more questions if you like. positive
The number to contact our team is now in the chatbox. neutral
Lia. neutral
please? negative
or are you having problems using it? neutral
Welcome back. positive
Their full account number or IBAN and their bank's name address and SWIFT code. neutral
This will help you work out what supports you need. positive
please give our team a call or come into a branch. neutral
You can choose to self manage as many of your service providers as you want. positive
which makes it easy to bank on your smart phone. positive
I want to make sure I got this right. neutral
These are the cards that qualify. neutral
don't forget you can check your balance and make payments in your. neutral
A USB. neutral
Do any of these fit what you're looking for? neutral
So how else can I make your life better today? positive
I didn't get all of the ones and zeros I need. negative
I've got a pet goldfish named Sebastian. neutral
we'll advise you in writing. neutral
but I'll get back to you very soon. positive
you don't need to use a card reader so it's much quicker. positive
and you could be charged additional fees. negative
There seems to be an error related to the dollar amount of your transaction. neutral
so I will now close our conversation. neutral
How do I add a review? neutral
OnlineCode. neutral
Would you like to find out how to do this now? neutral
Third. neutral
Log in to Online Banking and select CARDS from the left hand menu. neutral
you can ask about things like submission and receiving final documents. neutral
You can also see what supports there are in your area right now on this page. positive
but for now you can have Apple Pay on your Visa Credit and Visa Debit cards. positive
or I want to stay on my current plan. neutral
I never get tired because I'm a computer program. neutral
I knew that would be a good fit for you. positive
I'm so sorry to hear that. negative
But people tell me dreams can be lovely. positive
Please take a look at this guide to setting it up or give us a call. neutral
My name's Cora. neutral
especially when there are so many steps just to make something work. negative
The length depends on the country. neutral
Would you like to use goMoney. neutral
Most payments between ANZ accounts happen immediately. neutral
it's based on your needs. neutral
including mental health conditions. positive
I can try and help you with an answer. neutral
however I didn't understand your last response. neutral
Lets get started. positive
Thanks for coming by and I'm glad we could figure this out together. positive
or debt consolidation? neutral
Do you have some other travel questions? neutral
I promise. positive
but will not have access to products and benefits until they are assigned. negative
The coach used prompt sheets and notes which helped her give granular feedback. positive
That'll give you some GREAT options. positive
Can I help you with something else today? neutral
If you are unsure I can still help you with your finances. positive
your checkin has been cancelled. negative
Do you have pain in your chest when you breathe? neutral
An engineer rescues a frog. positive
Can you repeat it? neutral
who some of you have met. positive
I'm a digital human. neutral
one more thing. neutral
Should I say that again or move on. neutral
This means it's easy to be overwhelmed by the system. negative
Okay happy travelling. positive
I know right? positive
Please just use the first six digits of your account number. neutral
or you're not sure whether you have it. neutral
Two aliens arrive on the earth soon after it has been devastated by nuclear fallout. neutral
it's not my day. negative
And Steve is with him. neutral
I will need to ask you a couple of questions. neutral
and Kidsline. neutral
I could have sworn this was going to be a good fit. negative
the first thing you'll need to do to get an overdraft. neutral
would you like me to explain how to suspend it now? neutral
How do you feel. neutral
or using internet banking and goMoney while you're away. neutral
Nice to meet you Dick. positive
This will get heavy. negative
minimizing background noise. neutral
It's a thing of the past. neutral
I connect with you by sensing your reactions and responding emotionally. mixed
Are you an ANZ customer? neutral
please get in touch with us. neutral
Soon you will be able to ask me questions about the NDIS and your plan. positive
Please feel free to restate your product. neutral
or a full time tertiary student who's over the age of EIGHTEEN? negative
look for the blue funnel icon. neutral
I am available to help you on all our channels. positive
sometimes you should go back for your bag. negative
bringing some photo ID with you. neutral
and I work in the Experience Centre. positive
with a view. neutral
Where are you from. neutral
If you are having trouble try. positive
This is our code. neutral
To learn more about Soul Machines technology come and join us at PwC's DRS workshop. neutral
We can check this later. neutral
I don't have a favourite album. neutral
Pending balance. neutral
Do you typically carry a balance. neutral
That question is a bit of a dank meme. negative
Well. negative
or sometimes Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure. neutral
That's the problem. negative
what strikes your fancy? neutral
Thanks for letting me know. neutral
You won't need to do this again. neutral
You can do this by filling out a change of circumstances form. neutral
could you repeat? neutral
If you're under THIRTEEN. negative
Where did you get the bike? neutral
Ok are you waiting for a payment from someone else? neutral
to Grey Lynn. neutral
I'm reading you don't want anything to do with that hotel's special event. negative
Help from the NDIS also does not affect pension payments. neutral
If you don't use an IBAN. neutral
Can you see the currency of the country you're planning to send to in the list? neutral
I'm a computer program so I don't have a father. neutral
it tends to be one of the trickier parts of this solution. neutral
and thirdly. neutral
Your customer number can be found in goMoney in the Settings menu. neutral
so I can learn how to help. positive
These budgets are placed in a support category based on why you need that support. neutral
I'm still not sure what you mean. neutral
Ah French wine. neutral
I've lived there all my life. neutral
Here are some of my personal top tips. positive
You'll need to make a deposit into your account and try again. negative
including this mortgage. neutral
This is the letter telling you that you've joined the NDIS. neutral
Looks like this payment didn't go through because of an error in the AMOUNT field. neutral
and click to send the money. neutral
I don't recognize that as an installation error. negative
I want to explain something to you. neutral
If you're feeling unwell you should call your doctor. neutral
so it's okay if you don't get it right first time. positive
Let's talk budget and hotel features. neutral
I can live in many environments and perform a number of complex tasks. positive
The first thing to try is accessing the login page through another browser or device. neutral
Which topic do you want to talk about? neutral
Would you like to speak with our Resolutions team? neutral
its no trouble to ask me. positive
Your email address. neutral
Are you going to have international cellphone coverage while you're away? neutral
Let me put you through to someone who can make a record of your complaint. neutral
and increases positive behavior. positive
Perhaps I misunderstood. neutral
you can expect the payment to post in TWENTY FOUR to FORTY EIGHT business hours. neutral
and popping back on here if you still haven't got it in a month. negative
I've got a few tools to help you get through this. positive
Necessary means something you must have. neutral
We need you to tell us about this so we can talk to you and help you through it. positive
and I'd love to find you the perfect credit card for all your spending needs. positive
Are you going to be travelling in the United States? neutral
If their request arrives before ten pm. neutral
and your hotel wish list. neutral
use this forgotten password link instead. neutral
You're welcome to call and talk to one of our team. neutral
or there has been a big change in your life you can ask for it to happen earlier. positive
I think the best thing to do is to give us a call on this number. neutral
Why don't we switch it up. neutral
Thanks for chatting with me today. positive
I am expecting you to say I want to switch. negative
I'm good thanks. neutral
it's a good day. positive
By mastering observational feedback you can become a better coach. positive
Do you have mobile banking? neutral
I can book you a taxi. neutral
I can create a customised quote for you. positive
I'll give you the link. neutral
we would love to chat to you about our electronic payment options. neutral
Great I have an option I think would suit you very well. positive
You'll also need these details for the payment recipient. neutral
showing an interaction with a customer. neutral
Have you changed your mobile number with us in the last few weeks? neutral
Let's see how much you already know. neutral
Would you like to know what happens once you've made the payment? neutral
Although you've answered no there may be ways we can help. neutral
now select REQUEST AN ACTIVATION CODE USING AN OFFLINE METHOD and click Next. neutral
you can also apply for early Kiwisaver withdrawal. neutral
and wheelchair accessibility. positive
They are based in Auckland. neutral
If you're older than THIRTEEN you're welcome to apply for Jumpstart online. positive
I need it for finding the best credit card offers. neutral
Would you like to know how the interest is calculated? neutral
a lovely evening. positive
Voices are weird. neutral
I've put the phone number up on the screen. neutral
OnlineCode is our TWOfactor authentication system. neutral
Let's start over getting you a ride home. positive
Happy to help with that. positive
your dates. negative
Our charge for using an ATM overseas. neutral
my goal is to help people learn about the NDIS. positive
it might be best to give one of our lovely team a call. neutral
If that's the case please say customer number. neutral
Contact your Autodesk reseller to request a subscription renewal. neutral
Because he was always spotted. negative
this means that you have to use your budget to buy that support. neutral
Watch the video to see observational feedback in action from start to finish. neutral
Your payment should take TWENTY FOUR to FORTY EIGHT business hours to post. neutral
zero being not very good and ten being excellent. neutral
I'm sorry to hear you're thinking of leaving us. negative
Each funded support in your plan has a budget. neutral
Your outgoings would be anything which leaves your account. neutral
Next delete all the files that start with A D S K flex from this location. negative
Or we can skip this bit entirely. neutral
as you will be able to uncover best practices which you can share with others. neutral
restart this animated experience for activating your product. neutral
Would it still help to speak to someone? positive
How does the NDIS affect people living in supported accommodation? neutral
Click Bulk Add. neutral
Was the payment made more than three business days ago? neutral
travel insurance. neutral
What should we start off with. neutral
That allowed us to fix things along the way. positive
Would you like to do this? neutral
Do you have any of the information shown on your screen? neutral
by double clicking the home button and shutting them down like so. negative
and recovering debt. negative
I'm not a virtual human. negative
We've only covered credit cards. neutral
I hope that's what you needed to know. neutral
and it also lives on the back of most ANZ Debit cards. neutral
A SWIFT code is a Bank Identifier Code or BIC for short. neutral
If you would like to read about where we're up to we release regular reports. neutral
Would you like to know more about the form or would you like to talk to an advisor? neutral
first name and last name all are required. negative
I'll MAKE SURE someone will get you home safely. positive
Looks like you're getting an error while installing. neutral
anything else I can get for you while you wait? neutral
Or is it someone new? negative
This is a counting task. neutral
Thanks mark. positive
Currently I can help with the topics on my right. neutral
it looks like your account is frozen. negative
Changing your preference requires an OnlineCode to verify. neutral
and be a New Zealand resident. neutral
and provide personalised servicing. neutral
I get on well with their chat bots. positive
It's straightforward. neutral
feel free to send them my way. positive
You have an account with Lion Finance. neutral
I can only help you with switching or buying AutoCAD including specialized tool sets. neutral
and set up any appointments you may need to attend with us. neutral
Is it that you need to open a new account? neutral
Just ask your payment recipient to provide it. neutral
which you completed during the observation to support your feedback. neutral
Would you like some more help? neutral
I live wherever someone needs help resolving an account. neutral
I am glad I could help you. positive
A robot an AI and a self driving car walk into a bar. neutral
So Jack correct? neutral
Here are some things I can help you with today. neutral
Welcome to Mobile World Congress. neutral
Right now I can answer questions about some of our products and services. neutral
Okay thanks for chatting. neutral
A mysterious avatar appears in front of you. neutral
If you want to discuss the fee in advance please give us a call. neutral
Look below for more information. neutral
It can be a person. neutral
I can help you change your Autodesk Account password. neutral
If agents are available I'll connect you to a chat now. neutral
to help you with checking in. neutral
This might mean contacting service providers. neutral
Nobody knows all the answers. neutral
so here's a link where you can check. neutral